Kinda works almost always	bug report
Not free at all. Blatant lies.	irrelevant information
New Update ruined the app both visually and functionally. The search funciton is incredibly broken and needs to be fixed. There are also countless other visual bugs. Fix the app.	bug report
Unnecessary ui changes, app has more bugs and lag than bevore.	bug report
Private chat is great!	irrelevant information
Nice App. Secured App	irrelevant information
I use it most.m	irrelevant information
My issue has been resolved Thanks team	bug report
I am not Jeff. I own the tablet Marlena. DeRenzo	irrelevant information
I love this app overall, but honestly really dislike the new layout that was rolled out. Honestly IMO there should be an option to choose between the two styles, I wish I could go back. Edit: They have had no response to constant negative feedback, lowering rating :)	feature request
It works, but it a pain to use it.	irrelevant information
App easy to use. A strong signal is needed.	irrelevant information
it keeps crushing ever since the update, can u pls fix this, and don't tell me to restart cause it doesn't help at all	bug report
Overall, this app has been pretty solid. However, I'm giving it two stars because ever since the Lollipop update, it takes normal videos and distorts them sideways. Even if I film in Landscape, it somehow distorts them! Others have been asking for this to be fixed for months, and nothing has been done.	bug report
it doesnt leave me notifications however it's a good app	bug report
I enjoy the signal app very much and in this day and age I appreciate the anninimity	irrelevant information
The app would be great, but it uses an insane amount of data. It is fine if you're mostly on WiFi, but using it on cellular is crazy. You can easily run up 100 MB in a day. I'm not sure what the problem is but I would guess it has a lot to do with it constantly loading different ads and also seemingly reloading any mms messages you've received every time you open the app.	feature request
I think it's stupid you have to pay for a verification code..	feature request
Why is it hard to make an account? I'm always solving puzzle but not getting any access to an account? I do even test the audio. Why is it hard to make an account I'm not even a robot. I'm not a robot I just want to log in coz' the meeting is on skype, why is it hard for me to apply job why can't you just give me this one!😭	bug report
Okay i love discord except sometimes i don't get notifications when someone texts me and rn i can't log onto my account 😔	bug report
Signal is by far the best messaging experience on phones. Outstanding encryption and security, zero spam, intuitive interface. It shocks me that anybody uses Whatsapp when Signal provides a superior experience all around!	irrelevant information
Requires good internet speed to work satisfactory	irrelevant information
I really this site	irrelevant information
Tabs UI sucks 👍 This service continues to get worse and worse with every update.	feature request
I can't send messages by skype on my phone	bug report
Most serious about privacy and security I appreciate for this	irrelevant information
It is	irrelevant information
Very good for our varsity team.	irrelevant information
Fully Recommend	irrelevant information
Unreliable notifications: I use it for work messaging. The ability to mute it is great, especially when others send messages during my sleep hours! However, the notifications are unreliable, which is a huge issue. I have it set to notify me, but it does not (unless I have recently sent a message? Not sure what makes the difference.) That limits the app's usefulness. I don't need to send photos or videos so I don't know about that function.	bug report
Every update takes this service further towards complicated and for average user unusable.	feature request
New to the app, can't add my phone number to start adding people. I keep getting a error "verification code invalid" when entering the 6-digit code to verify my number. Supet frustrating, i tried it several times at this point the app is useless for me.	bug report
Text now is not giving out number to me anymore 😔😔😔	bug report
New UI layout is atrocious and removing the ability to toggle the old one is insulting. Stop actively making your app worse Discord...	feature request
Private Discussion forum	irrelevant information
Could I get an option for the old ui? Finding my friends is a hassle	feature request
I can't send pictures in servers thanks to the new update, I can only send them to dms. Dropping the rating because of this.	bug report
Too slow my connection is good but i think smething wrong with this app	bug report
Good app but drops to many calls but awesome in texting so I you are just a texting person it's an awesome app	bug report
I'm trying to log in with my Google acct and it keeps saying there isn't an account created. Not giving me the option to create one (i know I created one already) for any of the other emails I don't have an account for.	bug report
I replaced a transmission filter for a guy when I was finished he didn't want to pay me so I said he has to go pay me before he gets the car back	irrelevant information
Very hard to use, every time I try to log in, it want me to creat a new account. That is crazy.	bug report
There's ads in a texting app when ever I need a code it says I need to pay for it and the and the app itself is just annoying I hate this app so much	bug report
Useless to me.	irrelevant information
Best call quality I've ever seen from a chat app, surpassing apps like discord and Viber by a long shot. Where Skype fails to keep up,though, is the chatting part. Chatting is unitive, missing a lot of animations , as well as features like swiping right to exit a chat that would make a perfect choice. It's definitely worth using if you care about a feature-rich , smooth calling experience. That's all I have to say for Skype.	feature request
Lagging badly. Picture quality ok,just in slow motion.	bug report
No button to post my own videos on here thru my phone...only from web. Droid Motorola HD	feature request
Stop changing things when it was perfectly fine before. Now it's messed up	feature request
Don't fix what ain't broken	irrelevant information
I love this app. Or, at least, I used to. I love to keep in touch and this offers the best group options. Only, every time I reopen it it deletes all of my chats. I go to open up a chat and it says I'm not in any groups when I know I am! I can't create any messages in my groups if I can't see them. What the hell. Not happy.	bug report
Hate that username update	irrelevant information
( popup screan is not available anymore ) and also the video call pause	bug report
I have deleted discord sometimes because I didn't have space left, after some months I added it, right now, I logged in, I put my email but I forgot my password, I reseted the password and put a new one, when I went to put that one it wouldn't let me log in, if I would create a new account, it wouldn't let me with my email because I have already used it before. Why like this? I just wana make an account, this is so bad. In other apps you click logging and if you forgot password you create a new	bug report
sound that hurts the ear. Should be corrected.	bug report
Beats texting everyone.	irrelevant information
Not easy to use or move history or contacts to my new phone	feature request
i have used discord since I was 14, and it's come so far in 9 years and I love it truly if i could ever work for discord at any point in my life, that would be a dream! I love how easy it is to make and manage servers for anything! I've used it for university classes, coding, gaming servers, lab groups, and to run HUGE organizations too! I will always recommend discord as an app for others to use	irrelevant information
Works over SMS with people who don't have the app. Bug report: can't add people to groupchat by number unless number is in very specific format with plus sign and country code in front and no dashes. Also adding people randomly will stop working.	bug report
It's my first time.. will get back to you soon	irrelevant information
Just good for quick messaging	irrelevant information
boring because I have no friends	irrelevant information
This app is okay for about 2 minutes. The phone calls are the only issue. First of all when another person is talking to you they are extremely fuzzy sounding. The microphone works for about 2 minutes then it's complete silence from your end. Also the receiver can't hear you as well, it sounds as if your far away from the phone. No matter how many phones I make a call from the same thing happens every single time.	bug report
do not have a credit card can not get around it	irrelevant information
I have tried everything to turn on notifications but I still don't get them.	bug report
I get NO notification sound AT ALL! I don't see messages unless I pull up the app to check!	bug report
Works well. Highly Reccomended	irrelevant information
Edit (17/11/22): Notifications not coming through still an issue-as mentioned by others-nearly a year later this original review. Good app but new notification issue still unresolved. Tried the troubleshooting, forums, changed settings etc. to no avail. Likely have to move to something else, and it's hard enough getting people away from messenger and WhatsApp to this. Loses a star for notification issue and one for lack of people willing to use it.	bug report
It's very slow at times and it doesn't let me make any calls for some reason.	bug report
often which forces me too hang up in the middle of my call and restart the	bug report
Horrible call quality, and messages are not great	bug report
I guess as long as I can receive my minutes, it's a good app. They finally gave me my minutes, so I'm not complaining right now.	irrelevant information
I tried to uninstall from play store. Instead the only choice I have is update?	bug report
Doesn't accept authentication texts therefore useless spent money on the app a few weeks later logged in to figure out all my minutes are gone and Kaboom.	bug report
Keeps crashing whenever I try sending a video and I hate the new layout	bug report
Wow Signal, you went from 5 stars down to 1. Why are you guys dropping the SMS messaging??? That's the dumbest thing you guys could possibly do. If the SMS gets dropped then I'm dropping this app too ✌️	feature request
Why cannot I register	bug report
Good for communicating even doing it from your phone. BUT! it drains your battery life like there's no tomorrow, so sadly had to uninstall a d just stick to messanger now my folks know they can cam there from their laptop.	feature request
I use Discord as my main messaging and VC service. It seems that the chat feature is no longer a priority. I regularly do not get notified about new messages. This is not isolated to me/a single device. It happens on my phone and computer, as well as to the people I talk to. I am also regularly confronted with the inability to use emojis, search gifs or edit messages. This does seem to be isolated to mobile. All of this is extremely frustrating as someone who gives Discord money.	bug report
There is no delete option for sender msg ...and improve for light and smooth To net connectivity... And change emoji style ..like WhatsApp	feature request
Discord is good but tell me how can there be por# stuff and lesbian and she they them but I can't make my username thefishyman so discord pls give me my account back	bug report
Well its okay eexcept I get anoyed by the adds	irrelevant information
The app is plagued with ads that crash it. I don't receive any texts. My number expired and I got stuck in a loop of screens telling me my number expired and I need to claim a new one. Absolute trash.	bug report
Unusable on my chromebook, crashes 8/10 times	bug report
ive downloading this spp a few times and it didnt work after skipping the rate... and again i downloaded and skip... it wont load on dealing screen it so slow and evem tho i believe you should get a few times ising it before rate it but i guess not with this app	bug report
Overall I enjoy the app but my god this last patch messed up a bunch of stuff. Posting images and videos doesn't always work, message notifications seem to only work about 10% of the time even after multiple reinstalls. Just test your damn updates before release how hard is that?	bug report
Good app for people who like to send lots of group texts.	irrelevant information
Yes it works, however soon as other side answers, if I press any number, I hear loud dialtone that does not stop and gets louder once you hang up until you exit the app entirely.	bug report
They charged my card without authorazation... They placed a hold on my account for $39.00 within 5 mins after getting my card info even though it said free. Now they are giving me a hassle about removing the hold. They stated 5-7 business days for them to remove the hold. Do NOT do this app it is NOT free as stated when I googled it.	bug report
has been excellent for keeping in contact with people overseas.	irrelevant information
It's just too good to use,I I highly recommend, 5 stars are the best I could give	irrelevant information
I would give a it a 0 but I can't do a 1 will have to do. This is just annoying and in my opinion retarded	irrelevant information
if your phone is off use an number that they give you and use wif	irrelevant information
The app is down. I don't get notified or her any calls. My notifications on my phone and app says it's on. Recieve calls: cannot answer and hangs up randomly. App shuts down at random times. It always says no connection when I have full bars of Internet and data.	bug report
Charges just to receive texts like verifications even	bug report
I've loved Disxord since 2019 but the new update has completely ruined the mobile experience for me. Instead of everything you needed being within two taps from each other in the UI, there's now 10 more steps you gotta take just to find out who's active in the server you're in. It would've been way better if the swipe to navigate was still implemented, but unfortunately it is not. It's so incredibly frustrating to use and I will no longer be using Discord on my phone because of this.	feature request
It's good, almost 5 stars. I just don't enjoy getting partial text messages & how or kicks you off if you don't respond.	feature request
unable to unsubscribe from the lock in number and remove ads subscription. Initially I paid $5.99 for a year and now that it's been $7.99 a week I can't unsubscribe. when I tap on it, then tap on manage subscriptions, it says no subscription found. it's so stupid and makes me want to unsubscribe altogether.	bug report
Literally got through everything, went to use it. Wall	irrelevant information
Ass pure ass to slow	irrelevant information
I can't call out to my family & friends even thought it clearly says you guys gave me 60 free calling minutes to use,I never used any of the 60 free calling minutes then I try to call my mother and it says I need to buy credits to be able to call. That's bullsh*t. Think I'm gonna delete and use an different text calling app.very unhappy with this app.	bug report
App always crash affter update few days ago.  On HTC d626q,  Android	bug report
It keeps shutting down. Haven't gone 10 minutes without it crashing after I updated it.	bug report
The discord app used to be useful. Now it sucks. It's clearly doing *something* in the background which prevents the UI from completely loading. Can't reply to messages. Can't change channels or instances. Still get notifications of messages, but usually can't get to them and even when I can see them, can't reply to them. Pretty much useless.	bug report
VERY USEFUL APP, GREAT TO USE FOR ANY OCCASION	irrelevant information
Please revert. Discord was perfect before the UI update. Everything is much slower and tedious now.	feature request
the new update made discord SO SLOW !!!	bug report
This app could REALLY benefit from a higher level of organization. For example, sorting certain chats into a personal folder, and others into a organization folder.	feature request
Discord is bad. Alot of pedophiles, racists and other bad people. Discord wanted me to verify my phone number but when I entered the code correctly, it DOES NOT WORK	bug report
I shouldn't have to check the app randomly to get messages. Also I'm getting notifications 3-4 days late when I actually can get the app to work.	bug report
AM TRYING TO sign up for an account everything went fine untill I had to verify my email but I don't know how to	bug report
Apparently it steals your data and it's a malicious app	bug report
Secure, private conversations. Love it!	irrelevant information
Privacy for all those really sick thoughts people care to blurt out so one thinks ; consider your thoughts then think ivory soap for the mind	irrelevant information
Whenever I have to press a number during a call the tone from the number gets stuck like I'm holding the button down until I completely close the app.	bug report
6it was great,it needs updated	irrelevant information
Doesn't let people add you to group chats, you have to make one instead, and most of the time it doesn't work. The calling quality is pitiful and laggy, glitches, you can hear yourself echo, and sometimes it crashes, also there's sooooo many adds. I used this app for a long time before finally getting Mobile data, Its not the worse thing in the world and it does work, it's tolerable I think, just some annoying cons.	bug report
My employer tried to send a message. The app will not allow me to sign up, there's no continue button after entering in my information. Clicking done does not allow me to finalize the process. Please fix!	bug report
Been using and loving this app for years, but as with everyone else, I will be switching to something else once they take SMS support away as announced.	feature request
I liked it until it got messed up when I got a new phone.	irrelevant information
Greatest	irrelevant information
Signal made a name for itself as an encrypted messenger app. It is great for that use case. But, if you are using FB Messenger, WhatsApp, or even iMessage... this can do all of that! Great job devs. Signal has been the smoothest and most reliable messaging app I've used during the past year.	irrelevant information
This app was amazing when I didn't have minutes, sometimes I'd would glich but I just exited the app and tried again.	bug report
It is to slow watsapp is better	bug report
Does the job for a 2nd line 🤔 I only ever use it to call the numbers I don't recognize in my mans phone... fortunately enough for me its never anyone interesting 🙂	irrelevant information
Total disaster never has a number avaible unless it is a vt thiwtfare scamet must be thee chld	bug report
Trying to change my password wouldn't allow me	bug report
Make an update for where you add multiple accounts and switch between them like how it is for desktop but for Android or just mobile in general	feature request
Horrible. I used this as my business number for my customers to contact me but until recently I was logged out. I've been trying to log into my account for the last 2 weeks and it keeps saying an error has occurred. I even tried to create a new one and no matter what email I use it still gives a hard time.	bug report
scrapy software Attack movie software attack on manushya use karna Jaane Na Kehna	irrelevant information
My phone keeps freezing after a single tap.. I can barely open the app.. It's hard to use.. My phone is Android 8.. honpr7c.. Hope it will be fixed soon	bug report
What the hell is this new UI? I hate it! Rating 1 star	feature request
Poor service when it comes to downloading voice messages in Iran. But the quality of video conference is great for me.	bug report
It's not bad It's Ok	irrelevant information
Free app, huh, the why do I have to pay	irrelevant information
Quick way to receive real time information	feature request
This app is not a good text and talk app to have.. the calls drop static at times it won't dial out!!!	bug report
I no longer recommend discord. They keep making extremely poor decisions despite user feedback. Do not waste money on Nitro. The new UI is hard to use and constantly freezes. Terrible choice.	bug report
recently received a hacking text from app, deleted it years ago as its very unsafe to use. DO NOT USE this app	bug report
App is good but one thing is so bad ...Online Status not Showing..plzz solve this problem	bug report
Have not been able to log in after verify my phone. It keeps saying unexpected error.	bug report
Great experience, all users appeared real and there's no latency.	irrelevant information
Horrible UI after this recent update. Very clunky and ugly.	feature request
Honestly, they keep changing stuff and adding things no one wants. Its just getting worse... I won't be updating.	irrelevant information
Huufff.. it's confusing me, after log in, they ask verify email, then I click verify email.. always asking change password.. I give the Old one and new ones both not working . Invalid toking . Tell me how to solve this problem	bug report
Paid for ad free and kept getting a message saying there was an error so never got the service but money was taken out of my account for weeks and I can't get a hold of anyone for refund	bug report
Notification, Call alert are not receiving on time	bug report
Good but blur sometimes. Not to use for online cls	bug report
The signal always breaks between communication and its hard to talk	bug report
Lot of issues	bug report
You made me take the decision to leave because the news about no more sms support, you take out something useful from this app, then, I take you out from my mobile. Goodbye.	bug report
Does what its supposed to do, but leaves more specialized functions missing. Missing features for me are a general blocking option for group or chat invites from outside the contacts list. If these could be disabled i would rate 5 stars.	feature request
Security and privacy. Shame it doesnt support SMS but if you wan REAL end to end encryption then this the best app.	feature request
This app is useful to me	irrelevant information
Amazing app but you should be able to see if they have read the message or not!	feature request
Keeps crashing and gets stuck in a loop.  Very frustrating.  HTC Hero	bug report
I'm a paying customer. Trouble dialing a number. It rings once and immediately ends the call. Also, the service is not allowing any SMS short codes. Again, I'm a paying customer. However, I'm very likely going to not renew my subscription.	bug report
I have paid my subscription for the year, i used it for a couple of time in 2 months then accidentally got signed out, i haven't been able to sign back in since 6 months ago, and zero assistance, and the forgot my password feature doesnt work. Garbage!	bug report
The reason I give it 4 ⭐s is I find it CRAZY you have to pay 9.99$ just for a verification?! What's the point? I'm only gonna use it for ONE time!	irrelevant information
Voice message service so bad	bug report
actually، before the update it was easy to use	feature request
its bad! you cant do anything with this it sucks. its laggy, it slow, and more sucky things. you should not download this texting website! :'(	bug report
The notification of new messages didn't appear (I already turn the app notification on) if I just recently open the chat. It's annoying that I have to keep open discord to check for new chat or messages	bug report
its very good service so far	irrelevant information
Latest update deleted all of my group chats. GroupMe fixed this, but it should have been addressed in rollout testing. Holding back to see if next update is stable before giving five stars again	bug report
Won't load photos a lot of the time	bug report
You should be ashamed. Just admit it's a scam. I'll be sure to watch for other apps this company develops so I can warn everyone I feel the tiniest inkling of respect for. Obviously that doesn't includes none of you.	irrelevant information
latest update completely broke the search function's usability. I can't find anything anymore, I just have to scroll. enforcing us to use third-party apps to quickly switch between accounts is just annoying	bug report
It's an ok app, but limited.	irrelevant information
Privacy application	irrelevant information
Love this app, you dont need to watch videos all the time to use it. Thank you TEXT FREE!	irrelevant information
Best free messaging app I've found	irrelevant information
it's a good app but a little ads here and there	irrelevant information
It's good but sometimes to much adds	irrelevant information
Dont support the app it from sweden coz they dont respect islam religious thank you	irrelevant information
the app isnt bad but the people there r terrible, wasted a lot of my time there, time that i could spend with actual friends	irrelevant information
For some reason I am not able to play old voicemails and i really need them for evidence in a on going case. It's frustrating honestly 😞	bug report
I loved this app until a few days ago it started shutting off. It won't let me open the app or anything I have used it for months. I could call anyone that I wanted I hope they get it fixed.	bug report
Love the app, use it a lot, but the notifications suck. Sometimes I get notifications from chats an hour late, or not at all. Please fix? Or explain how to fix?	feature request
Really didn't had to get caught up with it	irrelevant information
Couldn't sign into my account, keeps returning me to the please verify you're not a robot page always, fix it please!!!	bug report
Its a decent wifi app, but i am having a big issue with it. It has really bad lag	bug report
Don't know this app well	irrelevant information
Pretty much on par with the other messaging apps. The focus on privacy puts it a step further. It's definitely worth the 5stars	irrelevant information
I try to log back in but it keep saying my email does not exist so how I'm Is supposed to chat with my friends?	bug report
it's been on a downwards spiral of becoming slower and slower with each update when loading anything	bug report
Just another app to help Losers still from other people bunch of thieves. That means a bunch of thieves probably made this app. I would highly suggest you don't use this like any other of them. Apps that are encoded it's all for scammers and thieves	irrelevant information
Tried to give the new UI a chance but it really does not flow nearly as well as the old one. The app also seems to be generally slower, even after reinstalling and restarting my phone.	bug report
New mobile update is broken. Channels and servers are displaying over different channels and servers. And the UI is now no longer user friendly.	bug report
So it was a little frustrating trying to enter the chat at first and i got the app when a wrestler died just to talk about it with people! And that was great!	feature request
I keep trying to make phone calls, even to my husband's phone which is NOT busy- he's literally sitting next to me holding it, and the app keeps telling me every number I call is busy and I can't do anything to fix it. I've restarted my phone, I've turned it off and back on, I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app, and nothing has worked.	bug report
Wish I could turn off the sms.	feature request
Intercepts verification codes now. If the constant ads across the entire UI werent enough, theyre now pretty much forcing you to cough up 5 dollars for them to not interfere with verfication codes sent to your number.	bug report
Call quality is not as before.	bug report
Long time user, since 2017; this new mobile UI update is very poor. The attempt to go modern with the graphical colors being changed isn't very good. A majority of people are used to the grey colors that dark mode provides, and that should not have been changed to a complete black tone, purely just based on the amount of people used to it. Messages should not have been slotted in the bottom bar, it is very clunky and a majority of users are used to messages being at the top. Please change it.	feature request
I got the sim card for a dollar and works 👍	irrelevant information
Please fix black screen stuck Please I can't open this link how to open bro in mobile?	bug report
I use the app very frequently.. I incurred a problem yesterday with my messages before a particular one not being visible.. as the person I was talking to had reacted to some of those now non existent messages, I could go to them through the notifications and then the entire chat would be visible.. But now, even the notifications are renewed.. so there is no way for me to go back to them. Please help me out.	bug report
Its useful But my account got hacked the next day	bug report
Absolutely the worst upgrade ever! Why do you all even need to do that? It was working so well. Now it takes time to open, the images don't load. Developers need to do a better job if they're trying to bring improvements. So disappointed.	bug report
Idk i have not install the app because there bad reviews can you tell me why	irrelevant information
It now keeps crashing after it being open.	bug report
It is awesome when Skype does not have errors but when Skype gets errors like the oppentent cannot see your video, you may get into an secession to never use Skype again.	bug report
SMS texting being discontinued; no longer useful for what was my original reasoning for downloading.	feature request
This app has it moment. One day great one not so great	bug report
Absolutely love this app, however they updated the layout on Mobile and made it so you can no longer use the old layout. I know the reason is to make it more distinguished from the PC version, but it was so much easier and more convenient to use.	feature request
I have found the program to be easy to use and very quick with it's connections. I am very happy an.d feel secure while using it.	irrelevant information
New UI is awful. Also messages stay in the box you type in, even after you send the message, meaning you have to delete them after you send it.	feature request
Please bring back swiping left to show the server member list.	feature request
I dont recieve messages till two hours late it dont tell me when some one text me unless I keep refreshing it :( ...please help	bug report
i use the app all the time and it's great, i've been a user for a long time. the lack of a star is because the android mobile app lacks the text to speech feature entirely, which is frustrating as a disabled person, as i cannot often talk out loud in calls with friends. i'd love to see this added soon, and kudos to the developers for all the hard work so far — i just hope to see this added for better accessibility for users of tts!	feature request
I've been facing some issues when on a server in Dicord mobile such as - unable to get in a voice chat , unable to reply to a message , and mentioning dosent work sometimes etc. I tried re installing the application, but it seems like my device is having some interference in using this , is there a solution to This problem ?	bug report
Considering i had a lonely Christmas, and its Jan 10th and Im just NOW getting messages on here from dec25th....	irrelevant information
My app will not load any messages. I have uninstalled and reinstalled. Still no messages.	bug report
Been using the app for awhile and once I started my battery life went to the crapper. I force kill the app and battery returns to normal times.  Plz address devs.	bug report
Good app for communication with your job ,your teammates	irrelevant information
Don't like how you have to scroll to see messages as people write them. Don't like the way its setup to access pictures, gifs, and videos - the images are in a straight line- can't get into all my folders while I'm chatting Do like the option of being able to edit messages	feature request
Doesn't give you number for Verification. Cost 4,99 which used to be free!!	bug report
This app sucks it makes everything I download it to freeze... Table, phone, computer, don't matter. Everything I download this app on this app is constantly freezing then the whole app just closes my d sentence	bug report
Hey, discord, it's been over a month now. Can you stop adding features/reworking features that worked fine and actually fix the bugs that are still here? Thanks. P.S. before you tell me to file a bug report, will you take an essay about how awful the update is instead?	bug report
There a big problem of me.....because i cant verify my account....So pls fix it	bug report
this is verey good way of chat	irrelevant information
I like this app for some features, but there are major problems with your UI. First of all it's buggy and glitchy. The UI is unoptimized and laggy even on new phones. And recently you added Voice Recording messages for small servers and DMs. I won't even ask who ever need this function when there's a voice chat available, but at least give us an OPTION to REMOVE the ANNOYING VOICE RECORDING BUTTON in settings. I'll stop supporting Discord via Nitro until this fixed.	bug report
Optimize this app please	feature request
This is a good app for everyone	irrelevant information
It was good until they dropped sms support. Now i have to run multiple apps because i cant use just one messaging app for all my contacts anymore. Huge disappointment.	feature request
The new format change is.. Questionable. It doesn't feel like discord anymore, more comparable to Amino or Facebook. It isn't bad, but it's not discord anymore.	feature request
Can't even make a account. Tried on the desktop website and now the app. Tried through all 3 options and none of them were accepted?!?! 🤔 idk any ideas 💡	bug report
new update is wack af. lags like crazy why fix sumn that wasnt broke only to break it. boooo	bug report
"used" to be the best texting app. Now the ads have gotten to be 90 percent of the screen. Tour lucky if you can see 3 or 4 lines worth in the texting screen. I have switch apps now due to this	bug report
So I have a problem with the voice recording thing. So everytime I press hold to record something and releases it to finished it, it won't release at all.. Like it continues to record even without pressing the hold thing, I hope you fix this minor problem since I was excited that I can finally use the voice message 😅.	bug report
I'm giving it a 2 to a 3for the fact that notification issues as well as well as there is no way to delete chats or messages .and only to my knowledge it just hides them. it's a pretty cool app for group messaging though !	feature request
I really love signal App because it works good but one thing is that you need to upgrade it so we can know whether each other is online	feature request
wish other comunication apps were as intuitive, fast and add-free	irrelevant information
Everytime I call out or someone calls me it attaches itself to the phone and I have to power off and turn it back on and log in again..I use the app for 3 years now and love it plz review and fix problem	bug report
You can call people it,s so fun I give this 200 percent	irrelevant information
Has been awesome way to keep up with family.	irrelevant information
Did not even sign up. They say they are about privacy but want all your contacts and phone number.	irrelevant information
Dropping sms support makes it useless as default messaging app. Absolutely brilliant move.	feature request
My Calls SomeTimes Dont Come Through But OtherWise Awsome	bug report
It works ok, the problem that many of us have is when sending images. They just don't send... Anyone with a solution for that?	bug report
Not easy to get added to a group. I have app. Logged into app. Got text to join.. . The 2 won't communicate	bug report
I like the app for texting and calling hut this new layout sucks for mobile like I have some servers I don't use for games but also the dms and servers have there own tab so it just makes it worse	feature request
Connection still hit & miss but nevertheless useful	bug report
One of the best new social apps	irrelevant information
Can't create an account. Choose an option, it seems to load, then just goes back to the sign in screen.	bug report
Wth!!?? I was automatically logged out in the middle of sending a text!! I CANNOT LOSE MY NUMBER!	bug report
It was a very great app, but after the update I genuinely cant fine anything. The app is so confusing to navigate now. It also hurts my eyes. Please fix it	bug report
Secure and safe.	irrelevant information
Its a bit slow, compare to other messaging app.	bug report
Thus app is a joke you go to create an account and you get banned before you even get into it support is no help you don't recieve a verification email nothing don't use this app	bug report
Too many ads. Was in store with perfect Wi-Fi signal but it said my quality was too low to dial out.	bug report
Basically an amazing app, but the new update is killing my eyes bc, since I have dark mode turned on, each time there's a new message in a specific channel I'm active in, "1 new message since xx:xx" pops up each SECOND. I get it's a useful function, but please return how it was before (when you're scrolled to the bottom of the channel, the message that pops up in which I explained) so people don't gotta have their eyes beaming up and down each time there's a new message. Thanks!	feature request
qits okay calling app	irrelevant information
buggy calls but all is well as a messenging app. nitro paylocking big file sharing is genuinely annoying lmfao edit : the new ui layout genuinely downgraded the mobile version. horrible. traumatising.	feature request
App doesn't allow me to log in most times. I paid for 100 minutes. I've only used about 4 mins. And now I can't log into the app. When I try, it says something went wrong. Just give me my money back.	bug report
Why are notifications not working for me? It's happened to me many times when someone messages and I get no notification or sound.	bug report
I cant access my skype account by the name Geraldine Wachenje Gege	bug report
I have used this app for so long and it was going nice but from this update the icons photos and others cannot be seen i tryed reinstalling clearing cache but nothing worked.PLS FIX IT	bug report
New UI is gross, and there's no option to revert it back to the original one if you're on an android phone. Desktop works perfectly fine, but it's an inconvenience on mobile.	feature request
No this app sucks i git it and never wanted to use it again	irrelevant information
Too many ads. Also the call feature is very hard to use, it doesn't really notify you if someone is calling you.	bug report
Takes time in connecting.	bug report
Errorrrr , says that sth went wrong	bug report
Very useful for group chats	irrelevant information
Please update new features , and change the all function and style .	feature request
This app is good but I do not know why can I be not able to join a server in discord	bug report
Wow the mobile app sure took a hit, laggy, unresponsive and sometimes the resolution changes making images unviewable	bug report
Is so hard to get account back when u post it bro 😒how to get back in my account make it easy	bug report
The only reason that I use Discord is because of my friends playing on a different console but I love how easy it is to use it	irrelevant information
This app is many times better than whatsapp and I am sure that every user's data is completely safe in it thanks signal.	irrelevant information
I can never send videos, and sometimes pics.	bug report
Usually good trying to get back in	bug report
Please, just go back to the old UI. We all know it's better. It's okay to be wrong. We won't hold it against you.	feature request
Was ok until it offered me a free sim card and when I got it, plugged it in and it wouldn't work. Then realized their contact button leads you in a loop, there is no way to contact customer service.	bug report
Mobile discord is absolutely a mess... While I love the pc version of it, on mobile there are plenty of glitches such as back gesture being broken while seeing someone's profile, missing features. I'm one of those who prefers the old ui, way more smoother and reactive (windows has it). Why would it go "idle" when i put discord on background and it doesn't do that on pc?? There are so many inconsistents I just have 500 chars but honestly discord is a really good yet bad optimizated app...	bug report
I don't know why this app is laggy in my device I reinstall this app many times but it doesn't work and mic unmute is so laggy in my device I try this app in laptop and it's not even laggy. so can you please fix lagging issues.	bug report
Only pushes notifications maybe half the time so I have to constantly open it and check. Frustrating for me and the people I message	bug report
Useful but connection for calling is horrible even with me being right next to the hotspot it still says poor connection so that's a flaw! But other than that it's pretty good!	bug report
This works great for my large group of 40+ people. However, its used mainly for announcements, so people don't respond. Please remove the feature where people who are new and don't respond get automatically removed from the chat and it notifies everyone. It creates spam and then people are much more likely to leave, creating more spam because every time anyone leaves or is added it sends unnecessary notifications.	feature request
Giving only 3 stars this time because the latest discord update broke the emote shortcut when I try to use the emote using the colon (:). The keyboard stays in the way with no way to scroll for or see the emotes.	bug report
Smooth responsive texting.	irrelevant information
Good app, just lags from time to time	bug report
The new layout sucks, old one better. Laggy, less responsive.	bug report
Screen sharing on skype is very inconvenient. It stops abruptly and screen freezes. Sometimes the screen turns black.	bug report
Suddenly can't change the bright eye splitting purple theme with this new update. Please fix this...	bug report
The old ui was way more intuitive. After a few days I still can't find a way to check who is online on the server	feature request
It does its Thang.	irrelevant information
very simple and easy to understand social media app with lots of options (edit: the new username thing is so annoying. "why don't you add numbers to your username" YEAH HUH WHY DONT I HM WOULDNT IT BE NICE IF WE HAD, SAY, A 4 DIGIT CODE TO GO WITH OUR USERNAME?	feature request
Have used signal for years and I love it, but since I got a Samsung fold 4 the notifications are hit or miss. Most of the time if I don't have app open it might not notify me I have message. But as soon as I open app I then get notified. Please fix everything is allowed and on.	bug report
Awesome product 👌	irrelevant information
Well last update things went wrong. Chat goes to whoever I have no chat log. My sign-in information is no longer accepted to talk to support. Update hello developers thanks for your response but READ last update this has been happening. Stop pushing the Nitro edition and fix your app. I can't log in if I reinstall because my password is no longer accepted.	bug report
Video Chat could be better quality and the mics / sound are not very high quality	feature request
Cannot sign in on samsung fold 3. Why can't I sign in as it keeps telling me I have registered?	bug report
It gave me a free phone number😀... Then they took it away😡 Now it won't work. Uninstall	bug report
Good app. Not yhe best but its better than most oyhers of the same genre.	irrelevant information
Since the latest updates, app keeps freezing on the phone oneplus McLaren. No other apps do this.	bug report
Screws up too much, not like I'm the beginning, now drops messages.	bug report
I really like this app but sometimes when you log out and you when create new or another one they will not give you. why?	bug report
The new UI update sucks	feature request
Great app I really appreciate it the service 5Stars... Satisfied customer W.K.Ch.	irrelevant information
The app updated and all of the groups I was in are no longer showing up in the app. But they do show up on the desktop version.	bug report
I think kids do not need to use that they might call some people that they never knew.	irrelevant information
made amazing friends but totally ruined my life TvT	irrelevant information
Privacy is essential. Trust is absolutely a requirement.	irrelevant information
Use it because privacy first and if you have privacy option I choice mine. If you want minimum privacy use it or you didn’t you can use What's App. This two software founder is one person but one have (Mata)'s hand and other he's.	irrelevant information
I feel like when I deleted the data to free up space a bit, it just straight up deleted the conversation with a friend of mine, too. Make it so that you don't lose the conversation now because it's never done that to me before...	bug report
I am highly upset discord at your new choice of an update. Many people are complaining and want you to go back to the last update there was, and so do I. It's now harder to do everything on discord and it's highly upsetting people to the point they are quitting. It was 5 stars before but now it's just, not discord, it doesn't have that feeling anymore. I put 5 stars because it will be 5 stars if you go back to the last update, I'm sorry discord but this update was just not wonderful at all.	feature request
Doesn't work with Google Fi, unable to verify my phone number.	bug report
App is extremely buggy. messages do not load even though a notification has been received. Can't search through contacts without it scrolling back to the top. @ mentions suffer from the same problem. Latest update fixed none of these issues.	bug report
game group ‘call of duty’ love talk try ..	irrelevant information
I use skype to talk to my friends in the UK. It is good as we can talk and see each other at the same time. In a time where travel is kind of iffy it is good to be able to see them. Brings you closer.	irrelevant information
Horrible service. Calls kept dropping/	bug report
App has gone from being easy to use and intuitive to a UI nightmare due to horrible changes. Private messages has been hidden behind another tab. You are unable to swipe to see a members list, instead it selects a message to reply. Search function is a severe downgrade as are pins. There is no longer a "in channel" filter either. Icon changes are frankly confusing to a user base thats had the same ones for years. The forced "fancy" ui in calls is unneeded and an eye sore. More to say Out of-	feature request
e.g. bus or train wifi catching up with friends. Liking a comment falsely lights up the heart in advance before any request is sent to the server, then *silently turns it back off* after a variable number of screen refreshes or a variable (different) amount of time spent offscreen *or* onscreen. Thanks to this false display the only way to know that anything went through successfully on slow internet is to restart the whole app. Infuriating and frustrating, and fixable with a simple design decision change.	bug report
Outgoing calls do not work. The person I call can hear me but I cannot hear them and it does this every time. Wifi signal is excellent and I have a very fast connection. Incoming calls work but that doesn't matter to me because it is outgoing calls that I need more than anything. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still the same results. Watched a bunch of ads to get minutes all for nothing!	bug report
I have had GroupMe for a few months now and it randomly deleted all of my coversations and group chats today. I uninstalled and reinstalled the application and it still does not work. I do not know why it will not load my messages. (I will change my review if someone can help me fix it.)	bug report
This is dogshit.	irrelevant information
They removed the option to change back to the old UI. I had it enabled since the new one is just worse in every way and I accidentally disabled it. After that there was no longer an option to change back to the old one. The new UI is just awful to use, the old one was intuitive and simple. I don't understand why they have to make it deliberately worse. Ill really consider uninstalling it since i find it so inconvenient to use.	feature request
I some how was removed from a group me	bug report
Needs alot of work. Needs to be fixed, sooner it gets fixed the faster it will get a better rate from me.	bug report
awful UI change	feature request
Uhm. I want to see message which have red dot will be shown on top so i can easily see lastes messages, no need to scroll up down to see	feature request
I like this platform!!!!	irrelevant information
Having to routinely delete the app and reinstall in order to get notifications to work properly.	bug report
This is a question I have but with the sim card does it come with data? And with data am I allowed to use other apps? Like social media - Thank you if so ill love to make a purchase!	irrelevant information
I used to give this up five stars. I've been using this for several years and never had a problem. Over the last year I'm not able to make phone calls. And I have very strong Wi-Fi. I've tried five different cell phones and this app does not work on any of them . Whatever changes they made to this app it's ruining there reputation. If you fix this glitch I will get back to the five stars for you	bug report
update, I had no issues with this app.	irrelevant information
Discord is an awesome app, I've met some of my best friends over the years through this app, it has wonderful server options to allow people to create their own community and world among their friends, I've spent years with this app and it just keeps getting better. 10/10 reccomend!	irrelevant information
This app hangs too much! Please just do 1 thing make this app more fast and non laggy🙏	bug report
Everything was perfect and still is well almost... But I got the update that should allow me to video call but unfortunately it isn't letting me video call it's just acting as if it always does all it shows us the phone like it always does which isn't a video call it's just a voice call and that's how it's always been I would give 5-star if the update actually worked but it didn't so please try to fix that or just let me know what I did wrong for me not to be able to video call I'm confused 🤔😕	bug report
excellent free texting and phone calls with wifi... I also got the sim card to have unlimited calls anywhere . I can make calls, but it seems the connections are not always strong. people have tried to call me when I've been away from my own wifi and some calls go through and some don't. Stull, its worth the $ 4.99 I spent for the card as the service is available more often than not.	bug report
The app is legendary , and the experience is very well , Voice is very good with the Noise Cancellation , but the app have a lots of proplems , like conection proplems , acconts proplems , and most importantly, I can't change email , or logging in to my acconts , because of the "Are you a Robot?" , I hope Discord will fix that and i'll come back and give 5 stars to the application.	bug report
great app overall but the new layout is bad, everything is harder to get to and discord is lagging all of a sudden. definitely wouldve been a 5 before the layout got updated	bug report
Recording a voice message while playing music in the background is a useful feature when connected to an external audio receiver. Since a recent Signal update, this no longer works and music in the background is paused when the record button is pressed. SMS support was removed, pushing users to different solutions, like Messages by Google which supports SMS and RCS (with E2E encryption). This used to be the best messaging app, seems like that time is gone.	bug report
You cannot erase anything after you. Put your picture up yeah that's not cool with me	irrelevant information
App will not smooth is work like show motion movie and when i try to send text messages 3 time ok then next one not sending i need to closing app and open again Make light it not to much heavy aap Thanks	bug report
The new update is awful. Although the previous versions were a bit on the janky side, it had its charm. This new update ruined all of that. I can not swipe right to see who is and is not online. It took me a solid 2 days to realize I had to click on the channel name. Why is everything separated? This update is like being a South American native, living peacefully, and beheading your neighbors. To the discord devs arriving in wooden boats slaughtering the people you know, ruining our livelihoods.	feature request
Current UI is absolutely terrible. Love the app hate the interface.	feature request
This app as bring more damage to my phone. It doesn't want to download and if i wabt to stop tge downloading it hang my phone	bug report
The recent discord mobile update has removed a lot of functionality that I relied on in the old version: right swipe to view channel details, working server-wide search with proper filtering, ability to view full comments and embeds in pinned list and search results, to start. Switching between direct messages and servers requires additional presses. And there are bugs too. I'm unable to view sever context menu anymore. Direct messages don't scroll to latest message. Use desktop app instead.	bug report
I can't sign in, it keeps telling me to verify if I'm a human. The loops continues	bug report
It only works in the wifi spot I downloaded it from. If I could use it in other wifi areas it would be great.	feature request
This is such a garbage app and company. I signed up for an account and immediately my account was flagged, before I even did anything. I was sent to "support" which is just a garbage help article with no solutions.	bug report
This is a great app. Good privacy. FBI hates it, therefore, you should love it. Get everybody you know on it.	irrelevant information
Okay but..need ways to get rid of unwanted calls. Create smaller ad. The large one covers to much space	feature request
Used to love skype. But this version gone all bad. Many useful features gone and unnecessary added. Cannot search through chat messages. It is showing global search results. Why the hell I need to search other peoples info who are not in my contact list? How do I downgrade to older version before this revamped version?	bug report
The overall experience after the change is just buggy. Lots of UI issued. Lots of issues using the bottom options. Having to force quit the app to even get to what I need it to do.	bug report
Every time i'm texting  a message it clicks off and loads. Sometimes i text a message like about                                           •                                                             •                                                             •                                                                         •                                                                  that long and it just starts loading for a long time....it gets very annoying... please fix it...	bug report
Can't transfer account	bug report
Good app to keep everyone informed of what's going on with the team.	irrelevant information
Still definitely the best messaging app for years. Head of its time. did things that others are catching up to do, like distracting messages via time delay.	irrelevant information
Bluetooth Voice function not working, if I tried to listen via Bluetooth, Signal app would be stopped and closed, please solve this issue. Thanks.	bug report
To much verication in my opin on Pls dont do that	irrelevant information
Love this app for my sports team commnication	irrelevant information
Text now not working for my Google accout	bug report
Almost the best lag too much	bug report
I love this app. On it all the time. Use it for work, to talk to peers, people at school, you get the idea. Thing is, the new update that came along, probably today or at least on my end, is the most TERRIBLE, and I mean TERRIBLE, update that Discord has ever released. UI is weird, everything is in a new order, some important features like server sorting and folder making is in awkward spots, and it's gross to maneuver around. I wish for the update to be turned back to the old and iconic look.	feature request
Does everyone u add need to download this app	feature request
Good app. User-friendly.. But does not differentiate adequately between presenters and attendees. Overall good interface and easy and simple to use. Much better than microsoft teams. Emoji and sticker collection is THE BEST..	feature request
Absolutely disgusted	irrelevant information
Error or number glitch happens every time	bug report
This app has many glitches but it's hard to get immediate responses to get issues fixed.	bug report
I have changed my mind after it finally worked and honestly it is one of the greatest contacting apps and thank you for fixing my error	irrelevant information
The notifications not working is a major problem. Needs fixed now!!!	bug report
Is there a limit on # of outgoing texts I make or if I go over certain # of characters in the text body?..been using this app for about 1 month and not so sure ppl are receiving my texts. But easy calling, so far everyone I call has been getting my calls and/or VM. Easy VM greeting setup on the app, can't setup VM on website, only app. Keeps track of call records, vm, and texts. Knows when you called or texted someone already bc it tracks all activity when that particular # is entered.	feature request
It was easy and good app it make it easy for me to reach other people	irrelevant information
Would've done five star but now I'm not getting verification codes anymore from accounts I use to always get codes from. I've had this app and number for years now and it all of a sudden stopped with the verification. Sucks!!!	bug report
Now when i type a message it only sends two rows of the entire sentence. It also randomly closes the text box/app while i am typing and it does not save it. Super irratating	bug report
Bring back the old UI. Everything is changed...for the worse. Also laggy af	feature request
I love it it's a good solution for people who be on dates and all type of stuff	irrelevant information
would be bettter without wifi	feature request
I like the app it just that sometimes when I'm calling my friends I just randomly cut off and my friends will still be talking but I can't hear them but I still do like the app a lot	bug report
Finally ditched whatsapp only thing I would like is fingerprint reader as well as pin security. edit 2022 development slow bugs never get fixed standard send and receive sms issues. Google service issues no rich input text 2 speach broken with signal.. Might as well go back to standard sms as this app is dead.	bug report
Loving the game and fixing problems when we have them	irrelevant information
sometimes the connection is veerrryyyyy crappy but my last few calls were ok	bug report
Normally, I would rate the app a lot higher considering how long I've been using it, but recently, ever since the new update, it no longer allows others to see me even with my camera turned on. I tried uninstalling, but it did not fix the problem at all.	bug report
It's shutting down the app as soon as I open it I don't know what else to do update and all I am upset	bug report
It was fine till it stopped sending push notifications. All notification	bug report
Would give this five starts but I'm so sick and tired of the random phone calls from numbers that I do not recognize every five minutes,. There needs to be something in the settings where you can stop incoming calls from unrecognizable numbers.	feature request
HALF OF THE TIME I DONT EVEN GET NOTIFICATIONS FOR THE CALANDER AND TALKING!!! AND MOST OF THE PEOPLE I TALK WITH CANT SEE THE PICTURES THAT ARE SENT! FIX THIS NOOOW!!!!	bug report
So far, this is a good app.	irrelevant information
i like discord i use it almost everyday but i tried to make my activity status visabel to everybody but i only see privacy avctivy i dont see registerd game or game overlay ik you guys might not see this but i hope you do please i beg you fix it	bug report
Faqing stories and here. It's private encrypted messenger, not social network.	irrelevant information
We all make mistakes and I cannot believe up until this time GroupMe is not allowing people to remove post if thy made a mistake.  Biggest improvement for GroupMe. .. Thank you	feature request
I can't see the channel logos, or people profile picture, even my own profile pic. It's kinda annoying not able to view the visuals. Hope you guys can fix it soon and I am in the latest version.	bug report
The app is fine but u should make it that owner allows sm1 to add Bots cuz u get nuked	feature request
Skype wants your money, but care less for the possibility to make a call	bug report
Functional	irrelevant information
I think I have a glich (or how Write) and I can see the server	bug report
I have used Skype for tutoring for several years. It is convenient and dependable.	irrelevant information
App is poorly made, multiple bugs and crashes, regularly freezes up	bug report
hello i just want to give my opinion, i would like to have youtube music connection with discord same as spotify can you make it into the next update ?	feature request
Useless. I have the paid subscription, I have very good internet, but everytime I try to call, it says poor internet and can't connect. Waste of money.	bug report
Yo, what happened to "Reset Secure Session"? Am I not in control of my keys anymore?! 😡 Edit: SMS being dropped? Moxie cashin out should've been a signal to me.	bug report
It cuts off after 1 hour.	bug report
great for communication within a small group. I wish we could search within the conversation for key words.	feature request
I loved this app, it was so colorful and everything now it's just boring :( you used to be able to check the weather on desktop for example and stuff now everything vanished. Please bring this back.	feature request
I'm online Quran teacher	irrelevant information
Can not update, what is going. With wifi or data. Not working.??? After your reply it worked.	bug report
This app downloaded six apps that I didnt want nor gave permission to download.. Uninstalling...	bug report
Can I say this is a good app because children can actually text their parents without the parents coming home and checking on them a lot	irrelevant information
Just going to say flatly. I like and don't like the changes. &lt;- statement still stands. New; Status's are back but once more Skype keeps making me appear online or "active" after I've set it offline or busy. I do not care if the app broke or something. Leave my status the way I set it. Like it used to do.	bug report
I stopped receiving Skype notifications on my Galaxy Watch 4 a couple months ago. Hopefully they fix it in the next release.	bug report
Love the app helped me pull hellaaa girls so like yea 🤪😻	irrelevant information
The new mobile UI is horrible, fairly cumbersome design and clunky	feature request
The new UI is an absolute trainwreck. I refuse to update due to it, and have went so far as to go to previous versions of the app in order to keep myself from losing my mind at how awful the new UI is. If I didn't have friends here, I would genuinely consider finding a different app to talk with them on, or use the PC version exclusively. Change back, Discord, or you most likely will lose your entire mobile platform.	feature request
Absolutely trash, spent an hour looking at please wait. Restarted the app 9 times for it to go back.to that same screen. Uninstaller and reinstalled to watch it do the same thing. Trash app and incompetent developers. Absolutely a waste of time find a better text app, this one is trash.	bug report
This app is nice when it works. I have been trying to call people and i get	bug report
Seems connection is a common issue I share with others that have posted their complaints here. I'll probably increase my star rating when this is fixed.	bug report
App never worked they charged my account and it never worked. Thanks for stealing from me.	bug report
It puts me out of the app	bug report
BAD. Cannot text a friend. What happened?	bug report
The app tends to log me off for no reason and that is a problem because then I won't know if I get a message when I'm not checking it	bug report
For some reason it wont let me call on this app	bug report
I love text nowbut not the ads.	feature request
Great app. A direct link to the people in your group.	irrelevant information
when ever I try to login into skype to chat with friends, skype cuts me off everytime. I fear this app is having a glitch. I have been using this app for 4 years now	bug report
It's a pain to set things up... just do a group text message, it's less hassle	irrelevant information
Honestly it's just too hard to communicate with my friends because they have discord on Pc, and i have a PS4. Would give you 5 stars and recommend everyone i know if you add Discord on PS4 too	feature request
Exceptional service to students, no limit. It can accommodate a class with more than 5000 students. It's useful information sharing	irrelevant information
One of the only truly secure messaging apps	irrelevant information
THIS APP HAS SO MANY ADS THAT ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO NAVIGATE ON THE APP. ADS WILL TAKE OVER YOUR SCREEN, ADS HAVE PROBLEM LOADING SO BEING ON THE APP IN MID TEXT WILL CAUSE SCREEN TO BLINK WHITE WHICH REMOVES THE ABILITY TO REPLY. I HAVE GOOD WIFI AND STILL THIS APP HAS ISSUES CONNECTING CALLS AND AUDIO WILL MESS UP IN MID CONVERSATION TO WHERE NO ONE CAN HEAR ME. NEW NOTIFICATIONS SHOW ONLY WHEN THEY WANT TO SHOW. THIS APP HAS SO MANY ADS AND BUGS THAT IT FRUSTATES YOU! PLEASE AVOID!	bug report
It is a good app not comfusing to use. I like that it is free. Use your own discretion I guess.	irrelevant information
The fact ok can keep in touch with my fellow classmates and we can discuss our class work very quickly is amazing	irrelevant information
Seems like once I made this account I got tons of spam text messages. If robotscalls weren't enough.	bug report
it gives me so many ads out of no where and I constantly have to report them!	bug report
It's good app with voice distortion(	bug report
The app is no longer SMS compatable and is useless unless all parties have the app.	bug report
I can't register because I don't have a facebook account!	bug report
Doesn't update messages read for app icon	bug report
Talk to my family off the time with you guys	irrelevant information
Can only text to others with same app?	feature request
It is an amazing app to use to text and call, the way it sounds for a call is better then anything else I've used. Although recently I have noticed that I can't see voice messages that a friend sends me. Other then that it is a great app to use.	bug report
The app was good at start but after you send a certain amount of texts, people don't get your texts anymore. The app takes forever to load and floating chat does not even open the texts anymore. The ads are very bad to. Sometimes they will cover up your keyboard and you accidentally click on them and they bring you to a new site. And the terms of use are straight up stupid. Your account gets banned like every other week. I do not recommend AT ALL.	bug report
Every update they manage to bug something, it's crazy	bug report
It's my favorite messaging app, but i dropped a couple stars because I used to be able to use it to manage both signal and SMS messages in a single app, and they dropped SMS support. It's a pain to have to use multiple apps now.	feature request
text free always says i have poor internet...... not true i have the best ..... i paid for 400 minutes and can barley use them ......	bug report
It is dificult to recieve phone calls while another app is open	bug report
I like Signal more than WhatsApp because it focuses on the features needed instead of trying to keep you on the app as long as possible (e.g. focus on status or communities in WhatsApp). It also has all the little practicle features included, such as forwarding a message	irrelevant information
Wants to reassign phone#. uh, no.	irrelevant information
No Notifications 🔔 It's hit & miss. Mostly miss. I hardly ever get notifications when I get messages. I have to remember to constantly open my app to check for new messages during an active conversation. And NO, it's not my phone or app settings. Notifications are enabled. I have uninstalled & redownloaded the app & restarted my phone. 🤷🏽	bug report
Very secure app ❤️	irrelevant information
Happy birthday	irrelevant information
Nothing is good in this update as background working has stooped video call as well third class performance compared to old version	bug report
My discord app worked fine for the past 2years until this latest update. Now I can't hardly get on my discord via my phone at all. Please either undo this latest update or fix this update. Cause it is unusable for me now!!!	bug report
Why did y'all decide that it was a good idea to do this horrendously horrible update that no one likes	feature request
Our Search and Rescue Team uses it and it has been a great tool!	irrelevant information
App won't send code or call me to give me the code.	bug report
There needs to be the ability to edit and completely delete a post, not just hide it. Can you add that?	feature request
I enjoy this app while it lasted. Ads can interrupt calls and pop ups can prevent you from answering phone call. Also be aware that they have terrible customer service.	bug report
It does what it's supposed to, I assume. Text groups of people whose numbers you don't have.	irrelevant information
Basically what others have said. The new update is unintuitive and clunky. It was better when it was as 1 to 1 as the pc app as possible. (That doesn't mean you should put this hot garbage on the pc app, please just put mobile back on the old version... I know how you guys are...) I basically never swap servers these days because swapping between the two is annoying. Sure, it's a small thing, but so are flies.	feature request
Phone calls work fine. Texting out and receiving texts not working.	bug report
Unable to sign on via phone number	bug report
It's slow and some of my texts say it's delivered but it never gets to the other person's phone .	bug report
UI got me on the edge	bug report
It's good, but some features are janky; the image selection method is slow	bug report
Yeah, nope. They messed up slightly with the new layout. Why did they changed smth that was already good? Three stars, sorry discord :((	feature request
Thatsa good and cool	irrelevant information
Discord apps really good but for some reason now when I connect to ANY voice channel on my phone I can't hear anyone or be heard and I'm NOT deafened.	bug report
Hate the new UI. Put the private messages back on the sidebar. That was better and mirrors the desktop app.	feature request
GroupMe is a good way to chat not just with friends but create a group chat with your college students/partners just in case you dont want to give out your personal information it's like discord. The reason I give GroupMe a 4 star is because it does not give you an option to delete your conversation with someone else but rather gives you the option to hide the conversation that's good too but still where's the option to delete that the only con I give this app for.	feature request
Great phone line to depend on it is great to have for a second line to have on your phone	feature request
information does not reflect that fact and thus won't allow me to perform	bug report
App breaks on Zfold 5 when switching from front screen to the open wide screen.	bug report
Please Fix This App My Time & Date Are Already Up To Date	bug report
It's an okay app. I use it for my fantasy football league that I manage. The notifications are the most annoying feature about this app. It seems that no matter how many times you tweak the settings, it still buzzes or they don't even come through. Aside from that, I feel like this is missing a ton of features. Especially that there is no feature to pin messages and the top of the chat. If I have something important that needs to be "in your face" I should be able to pin the message at the top. Simple easy fix. I feel like the GroupMe team at Microsoft needs to look at other messaging apps like FB Messenger and WhatsApp and take the best things from it. This app works and I don't plan on leaving but put some effort into it please. Nothing I feel has changed in the past 3-4 years except they added a skype button and the top and some campus connection deal. OK app at best.	feature request
seems to slow my phone down a whole lot...	bug report
Adding people needs to be easier.	feature request
The new update is not good. Looks like you're updating the ui for no reason other than to make it new. Biggest thing for me, swiping left now replies to a message where it used to show who is online. This seems to be a feature for big servers where you don't care to check whose online but for people on servers with only friends, its very clunky. Discord isn't a discussion forum, its an app to connect with friends and play games. If you undid the latest UI update, I'd give five stars.	feature request
Was great before microsoft started breaking things as as they always do. The user interface is now utterly retarded and horrible to use. And now I can no longer use a keyboard to dial.	bug report
Incoming calls do not ring on phone. They only appear as a missed call, like the endless number of other users have stated. Yes, I am sure, forward calls to voicemail is off.	bug report
quality is unacceptable. I believe that the quality problems are very	bug report
It's a good way to talk to friends and vc but I always have a problem with my nitro I think it's because I'm on android when I try to cancel my subscription it doesn't show up on the Google play store and when I try to pay it I can't switch the cards I use so I can't actually buy nitro (also my partner tried to give my nitro but it didn't work so they just wasted 10$ </3)	bug report
It works well, but they send a lot of spam. Also, Ticketmaster will not send verification texts; they say this type of number is unsupported. I'm sure there must be others, as well, that will refuse to send such codes to a VoIP number.	bug report
Its nice and i think better than the other apps because all the other apps i use for messaging it has too many ads or i have to pay for it this app doesn't have that many ads and its very useful if you dont have your phone on (like paid) and your looking for a calling or message app in one app!	feature request
This thing is useful, especially if you find yourself without service for some reason, but it is absolutely saturated with ads that are distracting and annoying. I don't even see a way to pay to opt out of them. That makes it worse. I'm keeping it until the end of my vacation, but I wouldn't use this long term.	feature request
This app is good for keeping up with group activities. My main problems: there is no way to delete old messages, you can only mute and hid them. I want/need them removed permanently. Also when a message is deleted it shows it was delete in the whole group. That is a problem for me as well! There is no way to edit after you post. I also agree with 99% of the other user's problem. This app needs a major over haul! Fix these and I'll give this app 5 ⭐️	feature request
This app is only good when you have a really really good Wi-Fi connection... If you don't... Don't even BOTHER!!!	bug report
So far not so good. Kept denying me access, confused my account with my wife's, just a mess	bug report
Can't access the group or be invited which is the whole reason I downloaded the app in the first place. Have tried installing and redoing	bug report
Have been experencing a problem with this app, which i am worried alot: whenever i was given number from textnow it would definately cleared away! Please what has wrong with your app! Try to resolve the issue now	bug report
Solid app, strong security and privacy focus, but consequently fewer features and in a more crude package	irrelevant information
Everytime I receive a message it doesnt load. I can see the notification but cannot open the chat.	bug report
I'm calling a number that's not disconnected but this app saying that the number is disconnected this no good	bug report
Do not receive any notifications from this app. Seems to be a common problem you would think dev would be on top of it. Always miss important conversations until I remember to actually go in and actually open the app. We will be switching apps very soon.	bug report
Don't like the change of format. Was much more streamlined before the update	feature request
Nice app but if Discord audience auto come in creators discord	bug report
Horrible. The new Layout is horrible, not only that, it brought a lot of bugs. 1. It takes ages to open chats, switch between servers and often the app even crashes. 2. The app wont delete the text after i sent it, forcing me to delete it. Without those it would get 5 stars, but due to the issues ive been encountering due to the new update it only deserves 2.	bug report
It's a great app for socialising, but there is always false information and announcements that go around from time to time. I just choose not to believe them.	irrelevant information
Signal is doing a bait and switch with the removal of SMS support.	feature request
It's good the message sound is annoying ASF	irrelevant information
Like it for the most part. Just wish I could send a 1 time message to multiple people including ones that aren't on signal without creating a group. Edit Like many others are saying, the removal of sending SMS is not going to work for me. I have many contacts that are not on Signal. This makes Signal the same as WhatsApp in my opinion and will not be using it as my default messaging app any longer. Will bring the 5 stars to 1.	feature request
Service is good, however they recently changed the layout causing a headache to navigate.	feature request
Leave it to Microsoft to screw up a bulet proof program.	bug report
I got IP banned from this app one day and I cannot make a new email to talk to my family.	bug report
It's ok. But to many adds	irrelevant information
It's a great app to use internationally!! We have 4 siblings in my family, and we can get on Signal to carry on an ongoing conversation from Virginia, Forney, Texas, Wiley, Texas and Dubai! We never have any problems!	irrelevant information
So far it's been a great app. Thank you.	irrelevant information
The one thing I hate about GroupMe is that it takes like 10 minutes every time I try to send a video or post a picture. Sometimes it won't even send or go through. It will just have an exclamation mark in red where the loading sign was. When I click the red icon it will give me the option to delete or retry. It shouldn't take this long to send a post or video! I have great wifi and my internet is working. In addition to this I can't even watch my own videos that I posted :/ Don't understand..	bug report
Uninstalling this as soon as it won't be supporting SMS, the one feature that separated this app from all the rest. Convenience trumps security all the time, you should know this	feature request
They're taking away SMS so now it is literally useless to text anyone without an android.	feature request
two groups. Overall thw app is really well laid out and can be a great way	irrelevant information
When I call it sucks !!!	bug report
The guy who used to have my phone number made a group me account so when I put my information in, our accounts merged and it's just a nightmare. Had to completely delete my account and create a new one and it's still trash. It never lets me share links or pictures.	bug report
Too slow in vivoy15 mobiles very poor service... It's loading n loading	bug report
Groupme app great for work.	irrelevant information
Surprised but still has a few bugs to work out in this app	bug report
Horrible. I either get my calls and texts only when I open the app or a couple days later out of nowhere.	bug report
Rarely ever let's me post a video even if it's half the required size. Fix it	bug report
Please add an option feature of the old theme of discord mobile, so some people can enjoy the new one and some the old one	feature request
Overall great but draining battery so much almost 40% a day	feature request
Can be difficult to work with	irrelevant information
good app for group messages i have it setup for multiple groups and it works well	irrelevant information
Bring back Ultra Dark, the app looks hella ugly now	feature request
I want my account back I can't call my mom	bug report
Kinda slow and i cant see my pics	bug report
I really seem to love this app :]	irrelevant information
Transferring signal onto a new phone is the worst. It took me 7 days to recover my account. But the app itself is great	bug report
High quality videocalling. I just miss filters. But I guess that's what other apps are for. When I call my daughter the filters would be nice.	feature request
It's okay for calling in America but my dad is in Mexico and I can't call him and I bought 400 Minutes to call my family in Mexico and I tried calling my dad and it said I could not call him	bug report
The mobile update really ruined the experience for me. I dont care about the UI but the amount of bugs I have run into since the implemented it is astounding. I have to restart my app multiple times for my server list to load in on the right hand side. When I send a direct message, the sent message will STAY IN THE TEXT FIELD, so I have to delete my already sent message to write another one. Sometimes emotes just straight up will not show up in the text field without restarting the app.	bug report
I think the app sucked.	irrelevant information
I enjoyed this app a lot previously until my calls wouldn't go through. I didn't receive any complimentary minutes or the free 60 minutes as advertised either, I have had to purchase minutes since I downloaded it. Calls drop frequently as well.	bug report
Been great, never had any problems here 👌	irrelevant information
I can't even verify my email it gives u one millisecond to verify it Please fix this	bug report
Group me is a good way to communicate with members to get things done.	irrelevant information
I hope you can help me cus this is so upsetting ,,,,,,	irrelevant information
WAY TOO MANY ADDS...And it does not notification me when I get a text... And want you costomise my ringtone	bug report
useless kept saying there were no numbers available no matter witch one i picked	bug report
Can't open it anymore since the update crashes allways as soon as i click on it	bug report
I think this app is a good texting app but i have 2 problems (1 when ever you are not texting a friend it has like ads on the bottom of the screen)and (2 it sometimes wont let me call my friends)	bug report
Unique, reader friendly, and usable.	irrelevant information
My chats, contacts, everything has disappeared after i updated the app	bug report
his app has alot of scammers calling all times of the night and day!!!	bug report
Downloaded and doesn't do anything!!	bug report
Had drop calls and not the best at getting the messages sent that same day or calls to different number then you put in it does move slower then I thought it would	bug report
Jury's still in the chambers.....to be continued	irrelevant information
Fast, easy to use and don't need a phone number to use the app	irrelevant information
i the only thing I don't like is that it doesn't let you change it the number	feature request
It doesn't work when trying to verify phone number	bug report
A high spec game load faster than this. Even freezes after loading. Microsoft ruined this simple app.	bug report
Just another way for someone to make money. Didn't really find it helpful or useful	irrelevant information
Everytime someone calls it just pops up missed call. It doesnt give the option to answer.	bug report
This app , after working properly for 2 years, is now sending and receiving texts with 5 seconds of delay no matter how fast wifi is and with all the mf permissions. Quitting this app	bug report
Havent Been able to update for 1 year and cant use until its updated, the error message from signal pops up and that's it. It's collecting dust	bug report
It's not a great app for me. I just changed phones and lost my work thread (no other apps lost old info). My new phone at least now give an alert. I preferred WhatsApp but my boss picked this to replace it and I've had lots of problems with it (alerts, not getting posts to come thru in a timely manner, etc).	bug report
Always there safe simple and dependable. Can afford any bonus as well ＼(◎o◎)／ w(°ｏ°)w	irrelevant information
The app wont let me log in or sign up	bug report
This app is great but with so much more similar apps they need to up the game. Why can I add contacts on group me but not have them added to my official contacts or to call them using regular calls. Basic stuff?	feature request
Very good but, i try to log into my account and it has new location detefed error	bug report
Call heaven really	irrelevant information
I had some trouble making a school account but once I managed, I really liked the app	bug report
It was working so perfect and now this update messed it up.. it shows that my messages are not sending and my calls are getting dropped! When I send another message it ends up sending twice! The way this was before was so perfect... now thinking of getting a different better texting app... -.-	bug report
cool but ads are too much	irrelevant information
I can't send pictures fix this pls istg im losing my mind I AM GOING INSANE.	bug report
It's a great app, but I'm having trouble logging into my account, I am using the correct email and password but it just wouldn't work.	bug report
The person who i'm texting messages are not showing up.	bug report
This used to be a very powerful app, with an experience consistent with the desktop client, making a great bridge between my desktop and mobile device for work applications. The new UI has abandoned all of that. Nearly all of the reasons I used Discord Mobile are gone now! It's a shame. I hope you bring the old UI back.	feature request
Now i cant just put a number in and text i must add to contacts which kills it	bug report
I have been using this app for a year now. Every since the update before last I have had problems on my Samsung Infuse my text free does not refresh anymore, and when I click on it to check my messages I have to log back in and it always tells me that it has been logged out on other devices. I first changed my password, then un-installed again and now have started a whole NEW account and still the same thing.. Plz fix and it will be 5 stars all the way!	bug report
I enjoy this app, it works very good for group chats.	irrelevant information
I love the app in it's entirety, but as an Android user there has been a problem with the emojis. Instead of the default discord emojis it has my android emoji and then the entire rest of them are the discord emojis. the "❤" is the one with the issue, and I find it annoying to constantly use the discord emoji board instead of the one with my own phone. I haven't found any other issue with any other emoji, just seems to be that for an odd reason and I have no idea how to fix it.	bug report
Lags really bad and took my money I'm sueing 🖕	bug report
Discord is a really good talking app and stuff as someone who used it for I think about 3 years when I am making this review. There are a few issues I do have, the new update I really dislike. I really preferred the older Discord. Lastly, I have a few issues with sending messages. Sometimes, I have to re-download the app, and it gets annoying after a while, especially when I have to do it almost every single 3 days. Please fix this problem	bug report
You guy scammed me out of $8 i was trying to get a verification code and when it came through it said i had to pay to get it so i clicked on the link it gave me and i payed went back to try again and now it won't even come through at all i want my money back	bug report
Give back the AMOLED dark mode. I used that for most of my years on Discord and all of a sudden it was taken away by a secret update I had no clue about, a secret update that added new themes that of course cost money to use-	feature request
The suggestions bar that appears over text box is so irritating. I click 'these are not useful' every single time but it appears again when I open skype. Fix it please.	bug report
You don't get free minstrel you pay for it	irrelevant information
When it works it's wonderful and I LOVE the fact that I can call my sister in Australia off the cuff. Sometimes, maybe during days of high traffic it may freeze or shut down but this morning it was fun.	irrelevant information
Good app, good privacy, but horrible battery drain on Android 13 (pixel 7) has made the app unusuable for now	bug report
I will give the 5 stars Becouse this app is amazing but please fix the vc problem	feature request
My call continuously drops now if my phone screen is locked after a couple of minutes. Not only that, but now everytime I call someone, it shows they are on speaker for me, but in actuality on the phone. And if they leave and rejoin, even if they were on speaker before, it switches them to phone even though it says they're on speaker. Every time I make a call now, or someone rejoins the call, I have to select phone and then go back to speaker for it to work. Super annoying. Also super laggy.	bug report
Not good I can hear people but they can't hear me and on top it says poor something it can be the carrier of this setup att works best were I am i am in a small town country and iam in a motor home so that can be why the call thing is not working out but I have no problem with the texting part but I can't use the calls	bug report
Fix your damn app and update it again please. I can't even send messages anymore.	bug report
All I can say is I miss the old Discord. New updates suck, very glitchy, and takes a while for messages to load and sometimes have to reopen the app because it says reconnecting until you reopen it.	bug report
Thank you so much my love google	irrelevant information
I pay Skype for a landline number to receive incoming calls. The past 3 days it hasnt been ringing on my mobile (works fine on computer) when people call, it only tells me, through a notification, that I received a missed call.....some time after the person hangs up...not even straight after. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling numerous times without success. Randomly a call may make it through, but youre looking at one out of 12 times. Other than the occasional problem before, Skpe has been great. This really needs to be fixed...and I have not changed my phone or settings. I have noticed, however, the problems always arise not long after I have been billed??	bug report
Have to uninstall the app, i just realized it was on my phone still even though i havent used it since october 2022 when they removed sms support.	bug report
Bought the SIM card but it doesn't work. There is no customer service at all. Waste of money	bug report
Its okay, its a good way to hang out with friends alright but the support system is terrible, i sent out emails about my issues with the payment issues and i only got 2 back then they stopped replying in general	bug report
Dang this app its the best because I acidentily deleted WhatsApp and I made an camera here	irrelevant information
Slow typing and said i was getting 60 free minitues never got them.	bug report
Discord had a great, if sometimes buggy app, that got the job done great at least 9/10 times. Then they 'updated' it. Now it's a buggy glitchy mess that more likely to go unresponsive and drop calls than it is to work. Layout is unneeded and annoying, now functions make it actively worse to use, and worst of all the devs are actively telling their users that *they* are the wrong ones. They dont care about their community, and if this keeps up, they will kill their app. This made me cancel Nitro.	bug report
There's better out there with more options.	irrelevant information
What the HELL is the new update Things take a while to load, and I have to switch menus every time I reopen the app	bug report
Wers the super dark mode why you take it off i hate the lighter dark mode	bug report
So handy when you've got a group of 35!	irrelevant information
I can't open because I change my phone number and email address	bug report
It's great when it chooses to work right	bug report
Hard to hear even with excellent WiFi	bug report
why bother? Just use your text app. This lacks features you are used to. Customization Is Limited. Even typing here has its own mind, And CAnt be controlled	irrelevant information
I don't like how you want to a make my credit inactive when not using Skype regularly. That should not happen. It's stealing !!	feature request
Trash app...glitches all the time...so I cant send messages or call anybody	bug report
Easy to use but no way to edit or delete msgs.	feature request
I had issues with the app last week and have been unable to use it now unless I am connected to wifi. It's as if I don't even have a textnow sim card. I have been through chat 3 times and the issue still ain't fixed. Today will be the last time I chat with them. If the issue isn't fixed I am moving on to another app.	bug report
I'm constantly getting signed out automatically and when I sign it few seconds later I'm getting signed out again...it's frustrating	bug report
After updating, I can't see who's online of my friends, videocall doesn't work, can't switch to front camera, icons look ambiguous, etc. All app is lagging	bug report
It actually has the best interface	irrelevant information
Still having a lot of lagging issues. It's with mobile data, and wifi. No issues with any other apps.	bug report
Can you fix this "Ultra Rare Error"? Like I have been using my account so far and I wanted to use my another account, so I logged in to that account making new channels and after I logged out and when I try to logged in to my alt account it's said "The email is existed. " And something like "Opps, you've caught Ultra Rare Error., -", please can you fixed that, I knew my account gmail and password. Also when I try to click the " forgot password", it's just keep showing the same thing!!	bug report
The new update is nice but there are bugs or error such as can't joining servers that you were in that server before the update aswell as the way to join servers. When I try to like join a server it always says "The link is invalid or expired" Even though I join in thsy server before the update	bug report
So, I wanna try really hard to like the new UI, but it's horrid. The old one was cozy, it was simple and easy to do stuff, I used it for everything. but this new one, it's trash. The contrast hurts my eyes giving me a headache, the new UI is harder to figure out, and it's just a down grade. You can see less channels at a time, and things are overcomplicated for no reason. Please listen to all these reviews and go back to the old UI.	feature request
It helps keep me connected	irrelevant information
Disappointed it doesn't back up text. Have a lot of trouble with hearing doing conversations. Speaker phone does not work at all.. Please add New features (Back up) and work on speaker communication. Other than that its Pretty good to use.	bug report
Great app. Helps me connect with a large group of people without having to create multiple mms chat groups	irrelevant information
It's been great but I don't have any more phone to pair with my new phone	bug report
nitro is expensive but ok.	irrelevant information
Delay voice communication 1 to 2 second	bug report
Very bad since Nov 1st this year, can not get connection.	bug report
Have been using this app since 2018, however, not sure if there was a recent update or whats going on, because I have been getting signed out almost every morning for the past month and now I am unable to sign in to my account at all, just bounces right back to the sign in menu and won't go any further.	bug report
Latest update is absolutely trash for navigating and constantly introduces issues even on my very new devices. No idea why y'all thought it was a good idea to change something that worked, did you even test it on android screens and devices?	bug report
For years i have used Text.Now. I give it a 10 star. Thank you for the app when I had no other service. I had wi-fi ability to hook up and my own phone number.	irrelevant information
I am able to chat to the other person but it does not find connection to the person when I am calling or video calling, please fix this.	bug report
great for making friends, though i lost a lot of friends on here, im still standing	irrelevant information
I wish it had more features	feature request
It was pretty good, but without warning, it just stopped receiving messages, and I still can't get them and we had people send messages from six feet away. Please fix, I don't want to Change the pinger number again	bug report
Worked for a few days a then stopped	bug report
Verify button not working Registered using my phone number If your wondering	bug report
Not working well anymore	bug report
It's okay. My primary complaint is that there is no way to turn off the annoying, hideous, animated garbage that happens when you type a text emoticon- :) for example.	feature request
calling not totally freew	bug report
This app is HORRIBLE!!!!! You have limited time to talk to people when you call them because you have minutes. And if you want to get more, you either have to download apps and do something on it, or you have to watch ads which only gives you one minute. Also, if you get your phone number on there it doesn't work. If you give people you phone number they can't even text or call you. This app Sucks.	bug report
Mobile is now too much like Facebook in the worst ways. I uploaded photos to a server and it never appeared but the last person I private messaged received ten duplicates instead. Signal now always hangs and I restart or flush to get the best chance of receiving my friends messages an hour late or only on active screen. Before this version, it was very rare to miss anything. I won't continue troubleshooting due to frustrating UI changes that pushed me enough to leave servers and go to Telegram.	bug report
u have suspended my account but keep charging me money for months now! Thieves! Fraud! Scam!	bug report
Poor connection all the time	bug report
Usually works but now all of my group messages are gone and we were discussing something very important	bug report
Hard to find groups that you know	feature request
I think they should not have ur phone number,email,and sign up Bye awesome Sophia	feature request
This app is telling me eror code why signing up 😭😭😭	bug report
It keeps alerting me I have messages but they take so long to show up 😖	bug report
The main reason I wanted this was for SMS verification. They recently made that a paid feature.	feature request
Most of the times the messages are not send to the particular person it takes too long to reach the other person it gets too irritating	bug report
Its ok but you should add free calling.	feature request
Its trash	irrelevant information
It's ok I don't like the fee's	irrelevant information
It's aight, has a big with using the camera on any platform, says unstable network connection, person on the other end of any call can't see.	bug report
like this app. looking forward to better comprehension of what I am learning in order to better thy self.	irrelevant information
Can't always answer calls. Doesn't connect most times, and is very unreliable. Doesn't always notify me on incoming calls . Too many ads	bug report
waist of time	irrelevant information
The latest update is definitely a textbook example of "if it isn't broke, don't fix it." The new UI is very glitchy, takes forever to load and uniniutive.	feature request
Ads NEED TO GO. TEXT GOOD. CALLS SUCK	bug report
"you'll get used to it" hey just an update—STILL not used to it. the design choices from this update are so nonsensical that they transcend a learning curve. the user experience makes no sense anymore and the only way to "get used to it" is to become comfortable with some of the worst decisions I've ever seen in a commercial app. the mobile version is borderline unusable now. I put things off until I can get to desktop now. also WHAT DID YOU DO TO THE SEARCH FEATURE 😭	bug report
Bush caused 911	irrelevant information
Great Working Thanks Bro	irrelevant information
Removed Android support now Signal to Signal only. It's useless unless you want to use two messaging apps and I brought on many people to Signal who refuse to do that.	feature request
I dont use this	irrelevant information
Very nice app Please add one more item Last seen and online / offline showing	feature request
App not working properly after update phone and app both. When i open the app after that im start recv msgs	bug report
easy to use and organized	irrelevant information
Checking for Messages for days. Without results Can`t even open the App without crashing.	bug report
Thank you for your cooperation with Iranian people. Much appreciated. You made millions of people happy	irrelevant information
Please tell me why in most channels j can't say anything? It just gives me a 'Done reading? Check out other channels' option over my keyboard. I have refreshed the app, updated it, untinstalled it, and logged out and back in. Nothing seems to work. It is very frustrating as I can't participate in certain group channels. It won't even let me delete old messages when I used to be able to chat.	bug report
Voice clarity is 👍	irrelevant information
Needs some more innovative features. Too bleak and so average. It will not allow me to send pictures and MOST of my messages fail to send.	bug report
The app is good to use. When my phone did the first update (note10+) it would not pop up when I received a message. I had to add it to my text messages in order for it to pop up through the app. Once it updated I was able to take it off my messages. Other than that I enjoy using the app for work! Great way to communicate.	bug report
FOR all the couples, please make an option to disable bandwidth saving stuff to kick out off call when alone for more than three minutes, just make a goddamn option Please PLEASE.	feature request
It wouldn't let me make a call to anyone	bug report
Finding a group is nearly impossible unless someone invites you seems to be nothing a pain in the butt	feature request
Can't upload photos. I sent an email to support a few weeks ago.	bug report
used for many years. sometimes notifications don't work but other than that I love this app	bug report
Trying to recover my old account,and contact	bug report
phone calls don't go through and texts don't always send even if i have WiFi.	bug report
Away from my laptop for several weeks on holiday, using mobile version: dear lords above this is impossible to use. This UI is literally my least favourite (and I tear my hair out with every insta update, please think of my follicles): broken swipe actions, accessing messages and servers isn't intuitive at all. Restore the original interface. Not listing anymore issues bc I'm not using discord: I literally can't after this update. Waiting (im)patiently for the original version to return.	bug report
It is a good tool to stay connected with your job and co-workers.	irrelevant information
Almost never works. Don't waste your time with this app. There are other options.	bug report
Would have been nice to know that they could just reassign your number at anytime if you don't pay them. Don't trust them since I used it twice in two days and third time, poof an error that the number is gone. Misleading product.	bug report
How doyoufine	irrelevant information
Love it but some times I can not make a call 3/4 of the time	bug report
Nice application to get free number for your business	feature request
Personally I don't like the newest update. It's a lot more work getting to dm's and servers. The other way was so much better. This update is cool just not the navigation to servers and dm's, It's just ew.	feature request
app, so if I have something in front of me I want to show, I'll have to go	feature request
Well: -When I switch platforms, my half of the conversation doesn't sync -The vibration notification can't be shut off -My phone wakes up when I receive messages  Please fix these	bug report
have extreme high speed internet. Please add a "message read notification"	feature request
The app was perfectly fine and now it's ruined. They can update the entire app's design, but why not make a toggle for it to go back to the original?	feature request
I like this app but when i login it keep crash so no longer use it anyway i not gonna use discord and use other so i can communicate with my friends	bug report
This app is glitchy and limited, why can't I change my email! There also does not appear to be any actual support, I've just spent an hour being sent in circles (with constant demands to verify my identity) trying to fix this ONE issue!	bug report
Everything is fine but most of the time when someone calls me it does not make the ringtone, ring	bug report
When creating an account for certain apps, you CANNOT use the assigned phone number from TextFree. They don't allow their number to be used as alternate numbers for places like IG, Facebook, Tinder. Absolute joke	bug report
Not bad. But now i have calls and texts that wont let me delete them	bug report
Poor performance, frequent crashes, and high battery drain. Please optimize the app and fix some of the more serious bugs.	bug report
New update is bad go back to the old layout	feature request
It keeps on ringing on my phone when I received the call from computer. Also the notification of someone calling never goes away unless I restart the device.	bug report
it is arey good experence	irrelevant information
Wow it nice	irrelevant information
Junk, lame and unusable	bug report
Originally I would've rated this a five but now I can't even post or send photos to anyone	bug report
Bugs everywhere. Finished setting up my account but sometimes the screen overlaps with previous screens or can't even exit a screen	bug report
This is fine just the ads	irrelevant information
I don't know how well this app works. Can't tell you how friendly the user interface is. Can't tell you anything about call quality. Or if it's one of those apps that just wants all your info first and then you find out you have "zero minutes" and can't even use it for the reason you downloaded it. Thats because apparently there are no US phone numbers available in the first 12 area codes I tried. So I'm guessing it's buggy if you try to use it But I hope it works well for you.	bug report
Can someone please tell me Is there anyway to tell if someone has blocked you	feature request
wish all calls were free. connection sucks I can hear my echo while in a call	bug report
Is there a charge to using this service	irrelevant information
It's good for small stuff not picture messages though.	irrelevant information
It's good for like hanging out with your friends In a text message and for gaming	irrelevant information
When adding credits for land line and mobile calls, it doesn't apoear on my account. They just take the money and don't return the credit! They have a an option "why can't I see my balance" which is a total nonsense and it doesn't help on anything!	bug report
you need to be a premium member to unlock the reason anyone uses this app. For verification.	feature request
After update app is unusable.	bug report
The discord app for Android generally works well. I wish there was a more intuitive way to control notification spam from multiple servers, such as allowing notifications to be marked as "not chat" which interrupts Android Auto. The channel picker in the share menu also needs a lot of work.	feature request
this app sucks if I could give it 0 stars I WOULD!!	bug report
Thanks great services	irrelevant information
Newest update is horrible. Stop the terrible choices. Whatever you did now not only cuts my microphone when I go to a different app while on a call with someone, but now it cuts their audio and I can't hear them. Even if I hit the home button while it says im on call with them it will cut my microphone and their audio. Stop with these terrible choice updates. They keep breaking the app. Bring back the ability to speak with people on call while I use other apps on my phone! It's not a wifi issue!	bug report
Does not work well with android.	bug report
Have an entire group that can't find me. If I try to send them or they try to send me the app states that none of us have the app ins5alled. Tried removing and redownloading.	bug report
bugs bs lagging missin text&calls aint that the idea LmFaO	bug report
Developer innovates new ways to irritate user by making working things useless	bug report
Amazing for me to talk to my friends	irrelevant information
I do call before but now when I'm calling it doesn't go through and it doesn't ring out from my side, I don't even know if the person am calling knows that I'm calling them.	bug report
calling. The only thing that I would say for and update of Android devices	irrelevant information
This app does not work for checking on my bank account. No matter how many times i enter card number it does not go through.	bug report
Barely Functional. This used to be my go-to for a phone and now it's just overrun with ADs. I get you gotta make your money but when they pop up when you're about to push "send" in a msg and you click the AD instead, it's a bit much. You also used to be able to get Verification Codes but now it's behind a paywall. Other than that, its functional. Barely. The ADs are so intrusive that it's just not worth when you can get a real number for $20mo and not have to deal with it < hands down worth imo.	bug report
UPDATE #2: Removing the AMOLED mode was a big mistake, if I could I would give 0 stars. UPDATE: After the newest UX/UI change (it's not an update!) the app is unusable - unintuitive, hard to navigate, just bad. After the latest update the app refuses to stay in RAM. Every time I open it or click a notification and it was left in memory before it still shows the boot screen and for a second a red block button and no chat appear & after that chat comes back. Was great before the update...	bug report
i like the ui but videos wont play most of the time and channels wont even load	bug report
With recent updates it seems that the app has been more glitchy in terms of updating Room names, profile pictures, and even room pictures.  With the recent update now profile pictures are now look distorted instead of being in a perfect circle please fix this when ever you can so I can rate this app higher.	bug report
Charges a lot of money while running ads at the same time! Sometimes even charges more than real cellular phone numbers that are good for authenticating real life important transactions like banking , email and so on.	bug report
Not worth the experience.	irrelevant information
Great app but how about search option in the settings. (I'll make it 5 star if you reply, 1 star is only for the attention )	feature request
Doesnt work 89% of the time. Calls drop everytime. , and texts only send when the app decide it wants to be active.	bug report
REQUIRES REBOOT AFTER UPDATE. A reboot should revert the new UI and its constant crashes in elaborate servers.	bug report
It's such a fun app with my group😁😁	irrelevant information
Enjoyed it..	irrelevant information
Discord took a perfect mobile app and broke it with the last update... Nonstop crashes, terrible window load times, not able to send messages, unable to join voice channels, etc. Get it together, Devs.	bug report
Need to be able to type longer messages with it being a GROUP TEXT!	feature request
It never updates, this update is for more than one device and I only have one. I keep getting these message that I wont be able you use my Signal if I don't update. I tried to do this update and get error message and try again later but I keep tring. Now get a messsge that I will not be able to use my Signal if I don't update. Your app is flawed and doesn't work. I resent being threatend by you and I would like a reason why I was sent this app. Kathy	bug report
Fcted	feature request
More reliable than RCS. It's great as long as you can find other contacts that have it installed.	irrelevant information
It works sometimes , but tends to mess up alot. Fix it pleasse ?	bug report
New UI is laggy af. Go back to the old version	bug report
Messages sometimes just disappear and don't show up until later. Sometimes a particular messages don't send for any particular reason, but a subsequent message will. Many random cases like this. Having to force stop the app often to send messages in certain groups while other groups work fine.	bug report
Option to use it like Whatsapp web must be provided.	feature request
Love it so much. But there are some glitches that I don't like	bug report
Very good to keep all family intouch with one another	irrelevant information
I am using since 10 months and very happy with text now until today when I logged in to my account and not able to find my alloted number for which I have a paid subscription. This is just ridiculous. Why text now takes money and removed my number.	bug report
I don't like that the app wants to remove contacts just because they haven't made a comment.	feature request
I've heard good reviews on discord but when I went to verify my email I couldn't find it in my inbox or spam folder please fix this (if its a bug)	bug report
Manipulated subscription cancelation	bug report
One of the best social networks I've been on for years, and honestly it's the one I use the most today. The only problem I have had during these years and the only reason That's why I give it 4 stars instead of 5, It is because in my case I have an error with my xiaomi pad 5 pro tablet, that the error is that every time I want to download multimedia content, it does download it but discord closes automatically. Apart from that small detail, the application is very good.	bug report
Dismayed the app no longer supports SMS also: main reason for using it will be gone. Prev review 5/22/21: Excellent security features, great chat features. Supports unicode characters and keeps emoji fairly updated. Staff listen to reviews and feedback. Make sure you know your pin and backup number if you make and transfer backups! Being in control of my data and privacy is so freeing in an age of data mining and spying apps! Hoping Signal sticks around and keeps improving for decades to come	bug report
I don't have any experience with this app. It won't even let me create an account in the first place, so that's an issue.	bug report
We need option of status in singal app you can fastly do this	feature request
First off it makes no sense how I watch 6 videos to get minutes to call and when I call someone for literally 2 minutes after gaining 8 minutes of talk time that I'm at a -2 minutes.... WTH happened to the other 6 minutes!?? I'm furious.. I thought this would be free with WiFi and OBVIOUSLY it's NOT! You say you can call for free yet, make someone do offers and watch ads for no reason then STEAL THE MINUTES!!!! WHEN SOMEONE HAS ONLY TALKED FOR 2:38 AND YET I HAVE -2 MINUTES!!?? GRIMY!!! DON'T DOWNLOAD UNLESS YOURE ABSOLUTELY DESPERATE PEOPLE!! THIS APP IS GARBAGE AND I BELIEVE WILL STEAL YOUR MONEY IF YOU ACTUALLY PURCHASED MINUTES!!!	bug report
This app works less and less each time it updates. I have to force stop it and reopen it to send messages pretty often now. The app worked fine last year but now it's just more difficult and less functional.	bug report
Its excellent, but there are minutes you have to pay or watch a video for free minutes, other then that, it's better then paying for a service.	irrelevant information
Sometimes I can't get my text messages	bug report
I recommend this app for anyone who needs service through WiFi. it's been a godsend! Thanks, TextNow!	irrelevant information
I like this app alot for the chats I have but I can't start a chat with someone or add anyone to my chats I already have. I open up the the contacts and it freezes up for a couple seconds and then goes back to my phone home screen ... I have updated the app and tried numerous times but it never works. Wish I could get this fixed but it never works.	bug report
Trying to install app but it isn't installing. I'm in wifi not sure why it's not working. Bummed out over this.	bug report
Easy to manage and form chat teams	irrelevant information
Skype "security" is a nightmare. I constantly have to reset my password for things like the Android app any TV android box, which STILL won't accept the password SKYPE made me change ON THAT BOX!!!  Micro$oft has killed SKYPE through neglect. I wish they never bought it. Skype need some REAL competition so M$ spends.some money to play CATCH UP!	bug report
glitches it's probably just my fon	bug report
I love discord, use it all the time. But the new update is horrible for one reason. It makes accessing the member list in group or server chats near impossible due to swiping right being changed to reply.	feature request
Good message platform. Easy to use	irrelevant information
easy to use, all members of are group are able to easily use app even us older folks.	irrelevant information
Lowering rating in correspondence with the announcement of removing SMS integration. Non tech people don't like more than 1 or 2 apps for messaging. So you're beat out by regular SMS/Messages by Google and FB Messenger/WhatsApp. For work/international people use WhatsApp so Signal would maybe be a 3rd app used for messaging at best without the SMS integration. Already have family and friends asking what to move to and how to offload the SMS messages. :(	feature request
i prefer the old discord more than the new one :/	feature request
It's good enough. Sometimes spammers get in the chats though.	irrelevant information
New layout is objectively inferior	feature request
My wife is always getting cut off from texting me when we are texting each other why is that happening??	bug report
Had a toggle for old layout.. now it's gone. And text size is too big because yall changed accessibility scaling again!!!	feature request
change the name system back	feature request
SMS functionality is being removed.	feature request
Phone number is constantly changing every few seconds! Completely unusable! FIX IT NOW!	bug report
More editing options for status post, media sent and received...at least to write something and crop a video size (length and width) More Font options when editing..apart from the calibri alone Maybe a little more fluidity in creating posts	feature request
Great service ruined by buggy app and poor broken 2fa. Been using discord a while but their services have gotten worse. Whether the app is stuck always connecting even on WiFi. Messages not sending and having to be closed and reopened/reinstalled. Currently it won't even connect to let me join in. This coupled with poor 2fa that currently thinks I'm using my phone number on another discord account (I'm not), stopping me from joining new servers. A common issue with still no fix. Terrible.	bug report
Issues with voicemail playback. Loading, loading, loading...doesnt play audio voicemail	bug report
Very good app to keep in touch with very large groups	irrelevant information
It is good and quick.	irrelevant information
It not really like a cell phone number...calling works but texting not so much. I tried to text people using the app and it gives them an email to see the pics this is very disappointing when you don't want that person to know that it isn't a real number. Luckly I found a better app textnow it actually works a lot betterjust like a real number.	bug report
Wonderful App and love the updates	irrelevant information
Crashes when I try to make an acct	bug report
I'm 10 years old and I want to text my sisters and mom and dad but it needs a Facebook account this isn't fair😥	feature request
I was groomed on this app and support did not care	bug report
Great options love to talk to friends off of Facebook	irrelevant information
Good app. Now I don't have to pay my phone bill anymore 😂	irrelevant information
Nevr respond nicely..... Always interupt. 😶😶😶dindt like this app	bug report
more ...have to update dob on tablet or pc I guess with a larger screen	feature request
Discord is so laggy in mobile.	bug report
I had trouble having other friends join. When I contacted support, they	bug report
Sch. Unsecured Sms	irrelevant information
The new update ruined the appearance of the app TOTALLY 🫡	feature request
Fun to text and call friends anonymously	irrelevant information
it's awesome to have a number	irrelevant information
Buggy backup makes phone unusable. Backup stops apps running smoothly. There is no way to pause it, stop it or schedule it. Furthermore sending a prerecorded video makes sound unusable and makes videoplay unusable. I think Signal us not meant to be useful. And if privacy is your thing, you get notified when a contact creates a Signal account, no way to turn that off. No way to hide your phonenumber. Privavy is non existant. Only Zuckerberg is not (yet) involved	bug report
It is terribly glitchy and has so many issues here lately I don't know what has happened to the app but it still gets the job done for now	bug report
Improved a little bit	irrelevant information
Love it. So easy!	irrelevant information
I have not violet any rules but again and again the app is deactivating my number that you are violeting our rules and I did not violet any of there rule.	bug report
Perfect for a second number	irrelevant information
I was loving it.Had paid to lock my # so I could recieve SMS codes I couldn't before.I still have 10 months and spent entire day trying to get in one of my media accounts but it said code sent but nothing delivered.Not sure if its this app or thiers that is messed up😔	bug report
I think it's a awesome private	irrelevant information
It was slow and laggy in my phone.. but did its job...BTW wayy too many ads	bug report
It drops my calls sometimes	bug report
Value for money in comparison to other apps Maybe could be cheaper or more benefit for nitro users? Or a more updated regional pricing? Hoping for more updates in the future.	feature request
New update totally ruined everything, can't even use this app anymore	bug report
Discord is a good app, you can talk to your friends, join your favorite YouTubers servers. But when ever I call a person they should muffled and when I play roblox while on the call my screen turns black, idk if the is only for a phone or android but I hope this gets fix or there is some tips abt this Edit: HI i fixed the problem thanks for the tips I appreciate it 😊	bug report
it's fine when it actually works properly, which it doesn't	bug report
I love it but I can't change my email every time I try it says my password is wrong and I know it's not and someone changed my email to a fake one as a prank on me a little while back and I can't get that one verified	bug report
For two weeks, i not getting notifications promptly when a message comes.	bug report
Sometimes call not connecting	bug report
This is a very useful app Thank you app creator	irrelevant information
Problems making calls	bug report
PLEASE stop changing things when they're not broken. Or at least put an option to change it back. The new update is the second-worst change to a social media that I've seen (second to Elon Musk taking over Twitter)	feature request
I have trouble with this app also, its always foreclosing on me and have to keep refreshing.	bug report
The app has developed a habit of removing all text channels except the one I left off on (as if the other channels never existed). I'd show you what I mean, but I don't know how to post a screenshot here. It's annoying having to uninstall and reinstall and the frequency has increased recently. It happened again, please fix this. Edit: It's still happening even after I contacted support. FIX THIS BS! Edit 2.0: It's now happening at a much faster rate (every 3 days) and it's P***ING ME OFF!!!	bug report
Rollback old version. Features in current do not work out work improperly (example: if click on take photo, camera turns off only after closing app.	bug report
Cut me off for no reason	bug report
This crashes after 3 seconds on pixel 6. It ended up being Android system webview.... All fixed now	bug report
seems to end calls a little too easily, I'd like to have 2 numbers because TextNow is the best app for an additional phone number but I wish I knew how to tell the dates and times of calls	feature request
I'm experiencing some weird stuff as if it's been hacked or taken over somehow. Texts are changing right in front of my eyes! The words have changed how they look, with a black border but blank inside. There's no way to change it through the app. It's weird for sure. Is TextNow compromised, running in the background of a phishing expedition? I'm hoping the app is secure, as it's a wonderful thing to have when your broke!!!	bug report
Miss my azule	irrelevant information
Texts wont go through,  calls are ok. Other then that great app	bug report
Continuously has issues and bugs. Whenever I minimize the app to play a game with my friends, it disconnects me from the call every time. Whenever we try to play a game like gartice phone, it minimizes the game and makes it near impossible to play. Even when it eventually goes back to normal a little square sits in the corner. Does not work very well.	bug report
Unable to create a group chat	bug report
Too fun to chat,talk my friends and I can join them	irrelevant information
O have to re start.my phone everutime I want to use text now to call.my b/f. It never works the 1st time	bug report
At first I did not like the UI changes bc I was so used to the old one all my muscle memory is useless now, but I think if people actually started trying it out and got used to it I think they would find that this UI is actually really nice!	feature request
Dropped calls and the ads are ridiculous.	bug report
Because it sometimes uses my number instead of the app number	bug report
Discord is very solid as an app, but tends to slow down my phone excessively if the app is used for a while. It also is lacking the account-switching feature the desktop client has.	feature request
It use to tell you when a person read your message but now it doesn't do that. I don't like it	bug report
It was the worst update I've ever seen. The new user interface is just garbage. Discord now looks like any other social network. For some reason, servers and dm were separated, a completely different color palette, which is much worse than the previous one. There are a lot of visual errors, it is very, very difficult to use the mobile client now	bug report
I used to love skype and the new format is great, but now it won't allow me to leave the app to play a game while I'm talking to my friends. That's one of the main reasons I use Skype!	bug report
Someone else pd I do not want the number. They are using my name	irrelevant information
Love this app helpful community	irrelevant information
Unwanted and bad ui update	feature request
It's a good app overall but the new update makes it so uncomfortable to use, especially going between dms and servers	feature request
Worked okay at first but after about 24hrs it Caused my Nvidia Shield k1 tablet to run horribly. Even after I cleared the apps cache and forced stopped it. Everything still ran super slow and my WiFi lagged. My tablet returned to its normal state immediately after uninstalling this app.	bug report
Nice, very nice works like a charm....	irrelevant information
It crashes a lot. I don't know if it's coz the Indian server is bad or the global server is running down. What happens is the messages doesn't go through at once. Have to keep on retrying it for more than three-four minutes.	bug report
I want youtube music playlist	feature request
have been using this app for few years, I'm happy with the app	irrelevant information
The UI is slow.	bug report
Picture message and login error. I believe in my account (only) the picture messages are not going through. It keep getting failed. However I tried resetting re-installing the app. I can send text to any numbers but if it contains a picture it's getting failed. About login, I believe some isp In India blocked text now link. So I cannot login to text now from all the isp s. I have to take a vpn or use local isp (who do not maintain the security rules that strictly) to login to textnow.	bug report
Discord used to be great easy to use/navigate and nice UI, still buggy like never getting notifications for a message or it crashing when trying to send someone an image. But now it crashes if I even try to change between chats or servers, I hate not being able to swipe now and instead have to press a button in the top right, its literally muscle memory to swipe. I'm not sure why Discord felt the need to add so many changes that do nothing to benefit the user not just app but PC version as well	bug report
Was a 5 star, but now a 1. No more SMS ability, no more 5 stars. You can't make everyone use an app let alone keep apps running in the background that people rarely end up using without a large crowd base, so Ill be deleting Signal. It was good while it lasted.	bug report
The quality of a phone call is poor. I have no issues with the texting.	bug report
I only used this app for a little bit and felt the same way that I did about the others.	irrelevant information
Please Provide feature to enable visibility of downloaded media files in gallery and give features to show last seen and online.. Otherwise Best App	feature request
I have been having issues where I have to mute and unmute on my phone (samsung A54) to be heard at all, my voice randomly cuts out and randomly disconnects	bug report
Call alert window either appears and vanishes so fast I'm constantly	bug report
Won't even let me answer the call and the app keeps closing	bug report
Gotta say used a lot of apps like this, but this is the first one that has worked so smoothly. Light on the ads, calls and texts function well thanks developers	irrelevant information
Love this app experience....... smooth and simple 🥳 💝☺️	irrelevant information
Over the last ~8 years I've used Signal as one of my primary communication apps. A big part of this was the reasonably seamless integration of signal and SMS conversations. With that feature gone I can no longer confidently recommend Signal to friends and family.	feature request
The new update is sooooo glitchy. I have to constantly refresh discord cause it's glitching.	bug report
I like discord i use it to talk with family and friends i discovered discord by watching beluga	irrelevant information
Improve it it glitches a lot	bug report
Every other message doesn't send now after update. Deleted all of my messages in group chats. Spams me with trying to download some emoji pack. Terrible, just absolutely terrible.	bug report
I experience bad lagging this morning. While I'm having important class. Had to use another phone, but terribly got log out, or not seeing anything on the cam. I hope the next update will improve the bugs	bug report
This app sucks...wouldnt even load up...kept freezing and my wifi at full	bug report
Simple to use with great security. Not being a social media fan or addict, but still wanting to reach good friends, acquaintances, and family it's the app for me. Can send short messages, pictures, documents, and chat.	irrelevant information
To be honest, it is often really laggy and sometimes unusable. The new profile update (username) where you cannot make it whatever you want is really frustrating. Honestly, I wish these updates did not happen. It is completely unnecessary. The only reason I use it is really just for texting, and even that doesn't work sometimes.	feature request
Each and Everytime Skype signed off my account.Whenever I want to join the call for my online classes it says signed off again I have to login in my account to join my class.This waste a lot of time and half of my class is missed.I want Skype to have a look in this matter.	bug report
Great app but after recent update I'm not getting any notifications of a message. All my notifications are on, no chats are muted and have even closed out the app and still nothing.	bug report
Its okay The ads are a little overbearing and you can't be added to group chats. :/	feature request
Using since last 7 months, no one is there, but app is the best messaging aap ever exist.	irrelevant information
Its not working for one of my devices when im logging in becasue when im logging in and doing the arre you a robot i do it and it keeps making me do it again but it works on my othr devices tho	bug report
I have two different groups. They are extremely convenient for keeping up with each other. No one gets left out.	irrelevant information
Updated to the latest version and I checked to make sure all my settings were turned on but calls still disconnect after about 10 minutes and sometimes when you call it will disconnect immediately	bug report
The best app for talk and chatting 💬	irrelevant information
It's one of the better apps for social media and keeping in contact, however it's been very very buggy the last few weeks, it won't send messages, won't let me see new messages, and sends repeat messages over and over. I'm not sure which update messed it up, but as it currently is I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone else.	bug report
How can I turn off notifications for good? I don't want to just have them off for 12 hours. I want them off infinity.	feature request
This app wants me to pay for verification codes which I will not do this is stupid and you shouldn't get ut	bug report
Used as A scam tool	irrelevant information
Constantly stops running on it's own even though it's on wifi and people cant hear me when I call out and/or receive calls	bug report
Better to remove this app ,,sms not working	bug report
Its gone from good to absolute dogsheet you tried to do something cool but made it so much harder to use change it back or make it easier.	feature request
Since the most recent update, the app runs MUCH slower. It's infuriating to use because of this, when previous versions were much smoother. I don't know why the app has slowed down so much, but it needs to be fixed.	bug report
No WiFi calling. I can call from my house, that has WiFi. But can't call from public WiFi.	bug report
BS keeps changing my number	bug report
This app was awesome, before you had to pay to see verification codes.	feature request
I've really enjoyed using this app, I would recommend it to everyone	irrelevant information
it is OK but it deleted my friends acout	bug report
Can make calls and receive calls but the other party can not hear you	bug report
Most of the times i don't get notifications of DMs and voice channel gets disconnected when discord is in background . Please fix this 🥺	bug report
Pictures never come threw!	bug report
Not donload in my phone	bug report
Only shows 4 seconds of video, I have to use a different app to attach photos and videos or they don't send, and the message ringtone options are call ringtones instead of message ringtones. It feels clunky as a result.	bug report
Program is great i hate the fact its not totally free...you have to watch videos or other stuff to get credits to do calls. Out side of that its an ok program.	feature request
For me, this is the best app to communicate with my family overseas. No complaints whatsoever.	irrelevant information
The new UI is just objectively worse in so many ways	feature request
Unable to send messages to some contacts who use signal	bug report
We use this app for a family chat group. We are all across Canada and are all able to connect even though some of us are remote. When connected it seems to take a lot of power and drains my battery quickly. Even with my new phone. We are all quite happy overall.	irrelevant information
I downloaded this app in from the beginning it was very good but now it	bug report
Great job on the communication between users .	irrelevant information
I liked it. But the only issue I have is that I can't hear when it notifies me. It also wont let me change the ringtone & the texting tone. I don't hear when I get a message. If you can fix that then I would give it a 5.	bug report
This app was good until tonight, I added money to my number to receive certain calls and the call keeps dropping, it says poor connection but I have excellent WiFi and Data! This app is making me Waste money for my calls. I had to make a call 4 times because it kept hanging up before I could process my transaction. Very dissatisfied	bug report
Your ads interfere with the actual texts. You used to be a good service on my desktop, but when I am in a weak wifi range your app is just about useless because of the constant ads that compete for the little bandwidth there is. Unless you have an ad-free version, I will be looking for another application. Sorry to say but your advertising still gets in the way of actual texting. I have found that Telegram works far better.	bug report
There is nothing wrong with my network .but there is something wrong with your app if its going to blame my network it should have options to see were.my signsl is exelent full bars chrome ,browser,playstore everything works but your app.i have used this app for years with minamul problems the day i have a death in family you say network problem .please explane wy everything works and my signal is so good that its my network i was thinking about buying your card .guess im not now	bug report
this app gets wayyy to many spam calls in a day. I mean it's unbearable. has to delete	bug report
We use this app for our Peewee football team and I absolutely love it. No bullcrap adds or any pop-ups. Highly recommend this app!	irrelevant information
Skype group call is buggy in my phone	bug report
I will no longer use this app once standard texting is removed.	feature request
Gone from bad to good to ugly to SUPERBAD. First, MS removed the option to turn Skype off, then they ruined the status options, now notifications are gone completely. Skype constantly switching to invisible, drains battery a lot, and intrudes in your privacy by accessing all your contacts. As soon as my balance is used up... bye-bye annoying ugly monster. Luckily, there are other options nowadays. Update: it seems the blur background option is now turned on by default with no ability to turn off	bug report
The app is limited in its functionality. It would've been convenient if voice messages and longer video durations. Also, the length of written messages could be longer.	feature request
Crappy, downloaded this app from am invite, but I cannot connect to the group that invited me.	bug report
Can not join group I been invited to join	bug report
Horrible connection. Person on other end can't hear me until 30-60 seconds after a call is placed which usually leads to a bunch of "hello?" and then they'll hang up. Don't know how i lasted 30 days with this app. Making sure i pay my phone bill on time from here on out.	bug report
for a wifi phone app it's the easiest and most convenient of the ones I've tried, ads aren't too bad and the calls are pretty decent quality, if you need Wi-Fi calls this is the way to go	irrelevant information
This app won't let me change my profile or connect to facebook	bug report
Worst wifi phone app EVER!!!!!!!	bug report
Discord call is not working. Disappointing.	bug report
It akas for face bokk when I don't have it	bug report
Why can't I use number pad while calling	bug report
I needed a phone number to set up my accounts and when I put my phone number in I didnt see the code for a while. So searched it up and I saw i had to pay. Watse of my time.	bug report
lots of problms	bug report
whenever I am calling to any number it is saying call rejected	bug report
This app is a good place to talk to people and meet new people how ever there are some bad people on the site so stay safe	irrelevant information
Ever since the new update where they changed the private messages to the bottom. I have not been able to use it properly. Those buttons are too small and are directly under the phones back, home and see all running app buttons. So In short I am not able to push any of the server, messages or notification buttons as they are nolonger accessible. They should be moved to the top or back where they were originally on the top left corner. This is disappointing, I basicly spend most days on the app	feature request
I dont have video and por connection	bug report
Sucks is slow bunch of fake people	irrelevant information
This app is very useful every body most of the people no about this aap but this app is good. This aap ji osm pls install all body thi aap this app ji good	irrelevant information
Very flawless	irrelevant information
10/26/23: reinstalled, updated, gave it all permissions, full wifi signal. STILL CANT MAKE OR ANSWER A CALL.	bug report
Calling is very good but send images & videos very bad quality please update this apps	bug report
The new device migration process was really easy	feature request
No longer free. When you want to read the response, for example the authorization code, the app forwards you to pay. So you may be able to receive some messages for free, but not all. You used to be able to read all the text messages. That's why it's no longer free	bug report
Update of my review : please add a clear chat option to the dms. its really annoying that this great app couldnt get better and useful. Please update this soon enough.	feature request
Can't upload photos anymore. Not sure what's changed but I can't attach any type of media. This changed only 2 weeks ago and I use Skype daily	bug report
remove all glitch plz	bug report
I find the revised format of the App difficult/confusing to navigate. Not as easy to bring up dial pad.	feature request
It dont send me notefactions when it should when ive got a message.	bug report
Decides to send whenever. Not stable at all.	bug report
The audio and voice will not work through my Bluetooth headset. The settings are cumbersome.	bug report
this app used to be amazing, until the new update happened. i keep getting bugs where i cant see any of my servers and have to close & reopen the app. its still very well made, but literally nobody wanted it to change like this. its slowly losing its uniqueness with every update	bug report
Bro, i kinda hate discord now, i cant login back into my old account..	bug report
Handy	irrelevant information
New UI is slow, inconvenient, annoying behavior wise, and somehow even buggier than the old one	bug report
Excellent app for security. I recommend over Whatsapp	irrelevant information
Never have problems for connection and no worries about the timing to and a conversation meeting!	irrelevant information
Good communication, video uploads are impossible	feature request
lied my number was going out of service so sita can have a panic attack . i hate you.	bug report
Removing super reactions from the long tap menu was a good call. There's still some stability issues which require a full app reload to get rid of.	bug report
Don't get all of my calls unless I'm in the app	bug report
The app's easy to use and helps me stay in communication with my group.	irrelevant information
YUK ~ but one person insist that this is the only way they will text with me. Same person i share a phone plan with...So When I installed this, my contacts, and photo for contacts came over from my old phone...what's up with that?!!!!	feature request
I would rather take a bath with a toaster that tolerate this UI PLEASE IM BEGINNING YOU, EVERYONE IS BEGINNING YOU BRING BACK THE OLD UI 🗣️🗣️🔥🔥	feature request
It seems Groupme is not fond of Android phones. I had a Galaxy 8 and recently updated to LG G8X thinq. Groupme notifications never work on either Android and now showing failed when sending. I know it is not actually failing because I have the app installled on an Iphone that I use with the same logon account and never have a problem. After reading some of the reviews, its good to know that its not just me. To the group me support - any patches coming out to fix this issue?	bug report
Hello, I already had the app it was perfectly fine but it started glitching so I deleted it and now it won't let me redownload it back please help. 😭😀	bug report
Pins now do not show the whole message but a short part of it, I have to tap the pinned message to see full details, less convenient.	bug report
Doesnt work. Keeps freezing and shutting down. Plus it wont send u forgot password information as well. Once u finally get past the app crashes	bug report
Having a difficult time during video chat	bug report
Fix your app. This last update is making it unusable. Remove the swipe to reply, I've been swiping to bring up the member list for years and all the sudden they decide swipe to reply would be a good thing. App is clunky now, gross.	feature request
Smooth Operation How do you delete old messages??	feature request
PC version keeps getting worse and worse. No resize option for yourself, WHY?	feature request
needs a lot of improvement	bug report
Needs to get notifications out quicker	feature request
I can occasionally talk to people but then the app freezes up on me anf i can't do anything, it's just an all white screen that doesnt ley me interact with even the settings, im really hoping someone sees this and gixes it	bug report
Too many ads and is slow sometimes	bug report
It's really old not so many people use but I still use it happily	irrelevant information
Very fast to connect love one I really like it	irrelevant information
I cannot even get out of the phone verification on my android it stupid	bug report
The Skype account duplicates my contacts on my Android phone, up-to 7 duplicate per one contact. please can you look into this.	bug report
i cant make phone calls when i want it. it rings one time then stop. waste of time. i even deleted it and downloaded it again thinking it would fix the problem and that still didnt work.	bug report
I'm not getting notification since the update...would give a higher rate if fixed...please fix...	bug report
Great App it keeps our subdivision in contact with one another.	irrelevant information
Can't upload good quality vids or pix	bug report
So it says text free but u have to pay wow!!!!	bug report
A bunch of friends used this, and it's great the only thing I can say against it is if you're using a different messaging app you will eventually not see any of the newer messages which is weird since this is a free app, quite literally the only thing stopping me from giving it five stars.	feature request
Good connection with the UK from Montenegro..	irrelevant information
Did not recieve any text sent to me waste of time	bug report
How come you can edit on the apple products but on androids you can't edit the wallpaper?	feature request
I been just textnow more then two year never had a problem but I ordered a sim card so I can use it offline. And it never came . In any way can I get my money back. I'm going to unsubscribe this .	bug report
Easy to use and I like it that you can get text messages to let you know that there is a new message.	irrelevant information
I hate the new update, it's very vwry inconvenient, it's not necessary, idk what came into thw developers minds thinking this would be useful.	irrelevant information
Pretty excellent for a freebie	irrelevant information
Great app. Fast and secure. I wish it was more popular but it isn't. I removed three stars because of removal of SMS support. Huge step backwards.	feature request
Comes in handy	irrelevant information
I really despise the new setup. Especially the contacts listing, it's difficult to find who's online and the favorites are gone	feature request
Even when buying nitro the quality of sound and video is low. They are constantly making changes and not allowing us to choose whether or not we agree with things such as new layouts.	bug report
I wish the settings were easier to navigate. I have turned off text notifications for my more popular group chats but eventually is starts texting me with all of the messages again. I'm not sure if I'm accidentally resetting to the default settings or what, but it has been frustrating	feature request
Y'all need to make it where u can change the email because I messed up on my email and now I can't buy Minutes	feature request
Can't register mobile number attempt to many time	bug report
Liked it better before this most recent update.	feature request
it sends ALL messages as a text. I dont recieve pictures or anything with an emoji in it. I've uninstalled and reinstalled 3-4 times. I use this app for work so it's highly inconvenient and I absolutely DO NOT recommend it.	bug report
I pay for a subscription to keep my number forever (its on my business cards!!!) and it won't let me log in. When I try to reset my email it says recovery email sent but no email is actually sent to my account. I can receive calls but not texts.	bug report
Used to work just fine before the update and had zero issues.... post update this app is almost unusable the app lags to uncomfortable levels... hard to get anything to send or react... when I do simple tasks now I usually click and wait a solid 30 seconds before the app recognizes I did anything ... this needs to be fixed asap	bug report
Used to love this app then they discontinued sms. I don't have enough friends using signal to keep using it. Oh well, was good while it lasted, now it's just a mediocre message app.	feature request
New ui update isn't great, slows down the app a ton and has been really buggy in general, sometimes the screen gets cut in half when closing the keyboard, it's just a mess. Sad a big company like this couldn't do better. Should at least allow us to undo the change like they did during testing. Some things (searching, member list, etc) arent intuitive like they used to be and gets really annoying. There are a couple niche things I like, but overall the update is a 3/5	feature request
Do you know any app you can text and call for free and without any Internet connection cause I'm about to change carrier	feature request
Was fantastic but now doesnt do anything. It stopped notifying me and now wont load new messages. Please fix	bug report
Why do you all refuse to implement a delete option? If I send a quick message to a single individual there is absolutely no way for me to permanently delete it. So when I get a new phone 18 months later, I get all these messages I deleted 17 months ago. Please explain to me how this makes any sense. Don't worry... I'll wait.	feature request
New update is very bad. It is fundamentally broken. Please give us the option to use 'old discord'. At the very least until you fix 'new discord'. PLEASE !!!!!	feature request
I spent the $10, got the chip, put it in and all it says is to try later. And then, there's no person to speak with, just some machine to text with. I'm thinking this might be a scam. Who misses $10? They can cheat people out of that all day long. Nobody is going to make a big stink. I didn't.	bug report
R to down to down to the river ok I'll let her have her number is that ok for me on WhatsApp off the phone karoo suba se BAAT nahi hui HOU to call Karna sms customer id number on	irrelevant information
I'm surprise that developer can make such a useful app into trash. the Ui for cellphone version is hard to use, so discord devs like bots instead of human	feature request
you ever thinking about fixing it?	irrelevant information
Eff you GroupMe, you deleted all my chats.	bug report
I deleted my name an now it refuses to let me put my preferred name. There are no updates available and I feel like this is an attack on trans lives :l and not only but i have my notifications on but it wont give me them.	bug report
Remove phone numbers and capture.	feature request
Great app for keeping up with co workers.ease of use is awesome very annoying	feature request
I guess it's cool we can connect to send free text.	irrelevant information
The new update looks terrible. There are friend bubbles at the top of my messages I can't get rid of.	feature request
only thing i dont like is that i cannot erase messages!!!!! i dont want archive them. i want to delete them.😡	feature request
Take just 3 buz of taking a little time when join the voice channel	irrelevant information
go back to the old UI I shouldn't have updated the app. It never needed an update to the UI. now the UI is harder to navigate.	feature request
I really like the new update UI design its nice and simple so far I had no problems with it but I hope avatar decorations shop and other features on the PC would be added to mobile	feature request
I'm apache native american and I'm proud of it	irrelevant information
Doesn't load texts. Takes so much longer.	bug report
The app won't verify me ? So I can't do any interaction with it ? I am using android phone with it linked to my PS5 . This really is upsetting.	bug report
Same as whatsapp	bug report
But It Still Doesnt Tell Me When I Get Messages!  Its Really Frustrating. The Messages Come Only When I Open The App. Please Fix.	bug report
1 Star for 1 reason. Dropping SMS support!	bug report
Easy to use. Dependable.	irrelevant information
Used app for a year worked fine but now my messages send through for an hour then suddenly stop. Terrible during conversations with family and friends. But other then that worked fine before	bug report
Good app though help me with jobs hunting which are a little tiring but worth it ✊🏾Hail DC 📌 plus y'all try to add more fun features on Mobile app like hype squad bravely 😏	irrelevant information
There is way too many ads in this app and I hate that	feature request
Used to be a good app but they removed SMS which means it's just another closed off messaging app which I already have too many of.	feature request
There are so many scammer on here and their no place to report them. Something needs to be done.	feature request
The app is cool for having group convos but a major problem experienced by a lot of people is that sometimes the app doesnt load the data causing confusion, frustration, and sometimes uninstallation then reinstallation	bug report
Thank for being there for me when I did not have a life line	irrelevant information
The app is really useful. Not only free texting but the acess to allow my websites active with the new phone number was nice.The phone quality was low and not clear but overall a good app.	irrelevant information
The update makes the app laggy 😭	bug report
Messages updated not working and sound is to low Manually need to refresh chat auto refresh not work properly	bug report
sending codes should be included,it's eñuff for me not to use this app anymore,one day very soon	bug report
Continue Use app and heating mobile	irrelevant information
Hard to post photos for some reason goes to meme.	bug report
The app was in a great state before the update last week, now it takes at least 10 seconds to load and be able to send messages each time I open the app, it's too confusing trying to find where I got a notification, before when I wanted to check who was online in a server I could just swipe and now I have to hit the search button in the very top right corner? It seriously feels like they referred the app to an alpha version from years ago.	bug report
Do not buy a subscription, i can't still not receive verification codes. Do not use this app at all.	bug report
Discord is a very nice app but make it little bit comfortable for mobile users....1.like add a clear chat button..... In text channel and a auto delete chats after a certain time feature......2. Another, a swipe or shortcut method to reply in text channels.... The app is nice....	feature request
Not the best mobile messaging app. It's so slow to do just anything. It's burdensome to rely on it.	bug report
thks text free app is bomb with out a dought	irrelevant information
New layout mid	feature request
Nice app ✨️👍 but Lagg in group video call	bug report
Doesn't work for sign up verification texts	bug report
Getting worse and worse. Call quality slowly but steady decline. Just one year ago I did not have any problems like "lost call" or bad sound and/or bad picture. Now it is happen regulary. I use the same phone and the same provider, so it is definitely Skype problem. Similar issues happen on my desktop. 01/2019 - updated to 3 star. It is not perfect but much better now. Still lost call once in a while but definitely improved.	bug report
doesn't always give notifications, and partly doesn't work on Wi-Fi, but other than that, pretty good app	bug report
Why i can't update discord on my phone? This app lots of corrupt image and videos, it's uncomfortable 😣 hopefully it will be fixed quickly.	bug report
I am giving 3 stars because when this app is working in background there's no notification of it.even if it's sended by the sender; theres no notification .but when I open this app my phone hangs and something this app crashes .it's a serious problem 🙂. I hope you see this	bug report
Signal chat app is just like goggle chat	irrelevant information
I have been using this app for years. No problems!. Was just making calls today from my number. Then all of a sudden i went to go back onto the app today and all my info is gone!!! It wants to sign up as if im a new user! Where did my number and info go!!! I need my messages!	bug report
it works for me and it's free and good	irrelevant information
never had problem with the app it's great	irrelevant information
I wish it was more searchable so I don't have to spend so much time scrolling through the messages to find information	feature request
IT KEEP along more minutes I just hate it	bug report
This was much better for a short time. You could reply to a text without the ordeal of closing one app to open this one. The last update took that away. Why do this? It is literally the first time ever this app changed for the better.	feature request
I liked when it let me swipe left and right freely between the different side bars, now I have to click back in to that channel when I simply wanted to see what was active in the side bar. Ruined the flow of quickly looking through active participants, channel notifs, etc. Swiping on sidebars made it flow easily. If not changing it back, a option to decide that would be nice.	feature request
Good app, accessibility is good!! Plus information is secure!! Had a few problems recently!! But everything is OK now!!	irrelevant information
Good text call app. Reliable.	irrelevant information
This is A SCAMMM🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 dont don't download🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬	irrelevant information
Prefer versions before Microsoft	irrelevant information
I wish we all used this instead of WhatsApp and Telegram	feature request
The new ui is so so awful. Discord was known for its simplicity before and being easier to navigate. This update ruined it by having a new tab for chats which DESTROYS its accessability. And I can't even find a server list anymore which makes me wonder if there is one anymore. Absolutely awful.	feature request
Messaging is fine (not why it matters) - video call quality is horrible.	bug report
Edit down to 1 star, this newest update is garbage. Please roll it back. I can't even find direct messages at all without someone messaging me first and I click the name. The server listing Is a chore to navigate and the layout overview of chat channels is terrible and uncouth. Please roll it back this isn't good. Edit: back to 4 starts. Massive improvements to the previous update. I have a button for direct messages now. Servers are easier to navigate.	feature request
Still having issues...yes, I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it and the app is newly updated; not to memtion cleaning both my cache and app data prior to reinstalling! Still have the annoying "X" bubble that never closes, havent gotten any mssgs unless i manually search area codes of callers first. This is my business phone for shucks sake...can you roll out an update WITHOUT all of these bugs. Ive been a premier paying customer since signing up! This is just ridiculous now though.	bug report
Wish I had free domestic like Google voice but I guess 60 minutes might do.	irrelevant information
Sometimes it will say I have a new message but won't let me see the actual message	bug report
New version is awful. No I don't want to sync contacts.	feature request
There is no ringing when someone is calling me and my phone is set to ring. Also the notification for a missed call won't go away. You can't slide away the notification from the Android notification window like other notifications, it is 'locked' onto my notifications window.	bug report
I like it but, when I'm on the phone the other person won't be able to hear me after a little bit. And sometimes it doesn't notify me when somebody was calling until after I missed the call	bug report
It was working great until 3 days ago and then all features have stopped	bug report
While I understand the idea behind it, the decision to remove SMS support means it's pretty much impossible for me to convince anyone to start using signal. Without SMS functionality, signal it's just one of a plethora of closed-ecosystems with secure messaging. I was waiting to stop using signal hoping they will reverse this decision, when I saw they added a "Stories" feature. I don't need social media shoehorned into every app I use. I will not be returning to Signal.	feature request
OTP not receiving	bug report
Pretty terrible update for mobile. Desktop usually stays consistently fine. These people really have to stop making terrible decisions. Mandatory slash commands and changing the ui for mobile, making it more complicated.	feature request
A decent app that works like it should.	irrelevant information
Perfect, thanks	irrelevant information
Very nice if I'd say so my self. I'd been using this to chat with my friends. And it is very useful to me because I'm a gamer.	irrelevant information
What's wrong 😏 with this app I can't create a new number	bug report
Love the app and been using it for a while but lately it's been freezing and showing me texts from months ago as new messeges. It's giving black screens a lot lately to.	bug report
Good app could fo with a litte better connection somties	bug report
I would like more fun Emojis. Not childish!	feature request
This app i could have rate it 5star but nowadays it will login out when i try to get a new number for my business	bug report
Great tool to communicate. I just wish it would include a phone number for people you are talking to	feature request
Negative iq moves from developers on repeat, this new name change is stupid, and so is the new ui. Just unnecessary changes that no one asked for.	feature request
Why do we need minutes.To me it is a dumb idea	feature request
It doesn't work for calls even when you pay for a sim card and data plans! Waste of money and time! Constantly dropping calls if it even connects at all!	bug report
What the heck happened to this app.? Used to be o.k and the call quality was decent.Not to mention, you could start out with a few minutes for free! All the other calling apps. do that.So spare us a few.The offers won't load either.I don't know why apps.these days are getting worse.It's like they try to lure you in at first with good quality, then bamm!!!nothing.😞	bug report
Too many bugs, lagging, slow, cannot enter a room, cannot press anything.. please fix the bug ASAP. Thank you.	bug report
Works well for keeping group communications together in one place. Makes it easy to distribute info to the whole group without having to put together a group text or email list manually	irrelevant information
It gives you privacy for the person you want to be with talk to send pictures to all that	irrelevant information
Yesterday I was calling my friend few times to do not drive while being drunk and text now blocked my account because of violation terms of use. That's ridiculous. I was used textnow since 2019 and never had any problems. Now it's became glitchy, unstable and finally blocking permanent paid users. Will never use it again!	bug report
The android app keeps glitching up. New messages are being sent but I never get them, and overall the platforms quality is getting pretty low. Ive heard similar complaints from other android users	bug report
Was good but for the last several weeks I can't call or send texts to phone numbers which is what I use it for mainly so hopefully there is a patch to fix this problem. I too up regularly but not any more until this is fixed.	bug report
My biggest problem is not being able to open the app it takes forever and I'm never able to check my messages. I've reported this problem so many times and nothing's been done your app really SU#KS!!! You don't deserve a star but the finger🖕.	bug report
The application itself is very nice, but when browsing the servers you can come across a lot of scammers (example: ImNoLegit#1933 scammer scammed people for about PLN 400 ~ $ 100)	feature request
Idk why but suddenly today I can't send any picture	bug report
It's a good app for kids, it's just when I click on the person I want to call, it will take SOOOOO long to load, and there's other issues to, this HAS to be updated. They won't update anything!	bug report
A competent WhatsApp clone that respects your privacy. Docking a star because you can't edit sent messages Update 11/23: I can now edit my messages to fix typos, so adding a final star.	feature request
Was good until Microsoft bought it to destroy it, since it competes with their junk app. Skype has been deteriorating since. Everything Microsoft touches turns to ;×÷;	irrelevant information
Very good but can you but some games that We can play wile face timing ☺ or like some vids that we can watch wile face timing	feature request
Sometime it takes to lomg to.get to text free	bug report
xsignal is best	irrelevant information
Everything that needs to be said about Skype of late has been said, and then some. When it works, it works ADEQUATELY. If not, it feels like it was designed by an infinite space full of infinite primates banging away on their devices in hopes even ONE will produce something worthwhile. No doubt such madness will soon be spread across all in the business, because proud accountability and quality mean NOTHING in this world next to a fast buck at the expense of those who can't afford to pay. Byte me, Skype and everyone like you	irrelevant information
You can't delete or edit messages? How stupid.	feature request
A little outdated but good.	irrelevant information
it works fine but the newest update makes navigating servers inconvenient as hell. some videos that used to be able to send struggle now and i have to try sending some 4 or 5 times before it actually sends. all in all, newest update ruins it bad enough im thinkin of uninstalling and only using it on pc if it gets worse. pc still works great tho	bug report
The new UI genuinely suck, I don't want to press like 3 button to get to somewhere when the old UI can access it by 1 button. the fact that the new UI is different from the desktop is annoying	feature request
After the newest update I haven't been able to use a mic of any sorts, I haven't been receiving audio, and I can't change my audio output this app genuinely sucks now	bug report
I rigestered and they blocked my account saying too many messages/spam sent.... I haven't even seen its interface yet. And there is not way to contact them ... No email id anything to hold them responsible	bug report
Freezing. Android Samsung Galaxy. Uninstalled and reinstalled, but still freezing. Won't let me send messages.	bug report
best dark mode best media organization/management (media sorted by convo instead of every pic you've ever been messaged in one heaping folder) best privacy and safety, and backup ability best flexibility in messaging (single view or repeat, can change per message and can adjust your defaults) (text, voice, pics, video, attachments, it does it all) best reaction options (any emoji not just a preselcted limited list) best customization (default and per conversation, sounds and colors) best best <3	feature request
IT TOOK TO LONG TO LOAD	bug report
Discord is Discord, great app for talking to my friends, would be 5 but the new update is literal cancer. Why would you take away the simplicity of swiping? It was so easy to swipe to servers, then back and over to the people IN the server. The new UI is horribly confusing and very dumb, that's just one small complaint lol trying to go about using it now is ridiculously complicated like you have to take extra steps just to talk to someone, almost like yall just backpedalled in production lmao	feature request
I would change to 5 star if it stops crashing. Really sorryy for the bad rating. i really would like to give 5 star	bug report
Gets updated regularly and just got an actually useful feature: message editing. Feels just like sms but secure and safe. I love that it's on both mobile and desktop.	feature request
I downloaded Skype about a year or 2 ago thinking I might need it but now I don't and it is showing no option of uninstalling it completely on my phone. I hate when apps just automatically don't give people the option to uninstall. I need the space on my phone to update other more important apps and can't because there's no option to uninstall. Skype sucks for this reason!	bug report
Not every call is ringing. And there are small ads even I'm paying for Microsofts 365 subscription. Other than that it's OK.	bug report
Solid group messaging.	irrelevant information
it very convenient to be able to obtain when something happens and you wasn't expecting it to happen. I downloaded the app and with a minutes I was talking again but once I get it set up I found it has a lock of things like other phone companies but a lot cheaper.	irrelevant information
It allowed me to reconnect with my high school classmates.	irrelevant information
New UI update a while back seems to have broken the app, I have never encountered as many Discord app bugs beforehand. It just feels like it keeps getting worse. It used to be great, but I worry for its future at this rate.	bug report
I hate this app (((( 1) it just sucks the battery out dry. And with every	bug report
Sometimes I can't hear my friends but you're doing great	bug report
locks app with if not updated for new pastel colours still locked out	bug report
So far so good. Had a good conversation with a friend. At the end of the call, though, a message said that my chat history is available to everyone. I do not know how to change the setting so that my chat history is not available to others.	feature request
I can't even log in anymore because of all these are you robot popups. Please give rid of it. 1 star for now, Zero if I could. 🥱	bug report
I like it 👌 it's first time using this app	irrelevant information
Pushing needless updates slowing down and bloating the app. Just a bad user experience in general.	bug report
Sometimes it rings and sometimes it does t but it's free so not complaining	bug report
Can Skype counter Zoom services upto 100 people maximum?	feature request
The new ui is sooo bad!	feature request
Easy to use. No glitches yet!	irrelevant information
Easy peasy texting through internet, no cost and no commitment. Havent tried a full subscription yet. However calls can often cut silent or cut off entirely after 30 seconds or a minute, sometimes in 5 seconds of talking with someone. Becomes very problematic sometimes. Add to that, when recieving a call, I have to be delicate with picking it up, or I can accidentally cause it to disappear until I fully unlock my phone to answer it. Plus, minimizing a call becomes very tricky.	bug report
I cannot join any vc I do know why but is happening	bug report
Most of the women who I have made contact with are great but after a while they start asking for money transfers for different items. I find this insulting to the fact these people are scammers and hookers. What's happened to real women who just want to find love as well as men.	irrelevant information
Had to change old 5 stars to 3 stars, keybinds on PC only let u have 1 at a time and it resets every so often. Mobile just sometimes doesn't let you join calls and bugs out very often. Used to have no issues but here we are	bug report
Doesn't allow you to delete messages sent in error. It only allows you to hide the message FROM YOURSELF (as if I didn't know what I sent) ... NOT the 100+ people who have seen it.	feature request
after getting new phone(LG Volt, kk 4.4.2)Text free now causes major glitch, slowing, freezing, ...not very compatible with my new software :(	bug report
I give this three stars because it is so glicthy and hard to use and I can't send any pictures	bug report
They can close you account for no rison. You loss all phone numbers and call history.	bug report
It's great when it works but the last few months it constantly crashes, glitches out, messes up and randomly boots people out of voice chat as well as showing that people are in there that are not...Ive used this app for years but the amount its been crashing lately has only gotten worse and more frequent. Just tried going back on 5 or 6 times and every single time it crashes when I tried going from channel to channel.	bug report
Mobile discord is bad, so many bugs, threads opening different threads, dms not being able to be opened requiring you to restart the app....app was so much more stable when you were using the first UI, every time a UI update is done it fixes nothing and only creates more bugs. Good app but mobile wise it can do much better if it focused on bug fixes and not looks Edit: appealed my auto under 13 ban, the cause of it still needs to be fixed as saying a number under 13 can get you disabled.	bug report
Great for texting but voice calls are horrible.	bug report
Poor I payed 18.99 and didn't get my minutes rip off	bug report
So far so good. And I'm no techie!	irrelevant information
Not great, not bad. It gives you what it says and not much more.	irrelevant information
I am haven t trouble with a remote user changeing my setting and blocking my use,iv paid twice	bug report
Very good. Can I use it free without lnternet or wi-fi?	feature request
The app has a lot of bugs and lags	bug report
Fix the 2FA, it sucks	bug report
Extremely glitchy, shows chats as unread even tho I've read them already.	bug report
I absolutely hate the new swipe features	feature request
Super Clutch	irrelevant information
Not hera	irrelevant information
World free calling package need to be renamed Since it allows only selected destination and not all countries People may get mislead by the name and can activate the package	feature request
Used to be a 5 star review here. Struggling to send pics and files lately, can take up to an hour to upload a meme lol. And yes, connection is good before you ask. Upd 08. 12 - seriously? Did you hire a new UX expert? Plz fire him immediately. Can I get the old interface back? Going downhill fast and gaining speed Omg another update and now ui is effing unusable.	bug report
Need capability to text while doing video. I use Samsung line of tablets (S3) No access to keyboard. Voice to text worked from distant end, but not from me to friend. This is serious flaw.	feature request
Is it really so difficult for u to add an option for hiding the new toolbar at bottom as it clutters the UI and the thread list. I have no use for it and guess Im not alone	feature request
I don't get notifications on my phone when someone messages me through the chat. -Android User	bug report
You get a notification of a new message. You tap the notif and it opens the app. Some messages are clearly missing and not being shown. Close and reopen app then the messages are there. This has been happening across multiple updates. Bad app.	bug report
[Edited to reflect improvements] Use the browser or PC app, they're more stable! While it's now usable compared to previous months, it still feels sluggish and painfully broken. Vital UI elements are a gamble, such as the mute + volume for bots being suddenly gone. Using things such as video streams, forums, the search menu, etc. cause frequent crashes. Some causing an endless loop until I open a discord channel from my browser. Experience seems to reflect management hears, but doesn't listen.	bug report
Easy to use.. and best of all it's free!	irrelevant information
Good but does not have good visibility with others because of confusion between Skype business, Teams and regular Skype....not sure I understand the differences....	feature request
Not very reliable, takes 20 attempts to connect 1 call, then on that call the video doesn't work. They can see me, I can't see me or the other person.	bug report
What I don't like about Skype these days is the way it has loaded thousands of contacts from every where. Some people I don't even know on the phone list. I would like to choose. not you.	feature request
Currently not receiving any of my messages being sent to me.	bug report
With communicating through messages its pretty smooth but when on calls it gets laggy and when in a call while on a different app i just get removed from the call all of a sudden idk if its my device or my app please resolve it thanks.	bug report
Less than one star if I could! Ads keep cutting me off on an important phone call about disaster food stamps! I lost everything due to Ida! So thanks for nothing!	bug report
Ok t messed with my phone so I couldn't make it receive calls for very long they would just drop this app sux	bug report
Easy to set up and use! Best part bout it is you kan pixk yr own area kode and phone # as well! Awesome App. Highly recommend.	irrelevant information
I try to send messages and get the loading circle for hours. Eventually I uninstalled Signal so I guess I have to find a new messaging app that ACTUALLY lets you send messages. What a novel concept!	bug report
Crashing was reliable now can't even use	bug report
I like but I have 2 account and I log in but he said the account has be used	bug report
Ditching SMS support? I'm uninstalling. Everyone I know is uninstalling.	feature request
It's not free and calls drop	bug report
Hate this app 👎	irrelevant information
Works really well better than other apps like it that I've used others have a delay while talking with someone makes a conversation very stressful but this app seems to be working great so far Update: I had to drop back and give it only 4stars because I'm not sure what has happened but I can't no longer receive calls or make calls and I'm not getting half of my text from people. If this problem were to get fixed then I would give it 5 stars.	bug report
Hello, I am unable to check pictures on discord anymore without the screen turning black, I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, it didn't help, please fix it	bug report
Made my soul swoon like the ejaculate of an olympian until I went to rehab, lost the phone number I had, and now can no longer get into multiple accounts. Starting all over again, with no help from #TextNow	bug report
Not bad. Very useful 😉	irrelevant information
I would give 5 stars but I don't get text notification as soon as that's fixed I will give 5 stars	feature request
The app was good... I can hear my friend voice clearly.But, the problem is I always automatically disconnected when play games with my friend... Hope you can fix the problem	bug report
horrible UI, a pain to use now	feature request
Unaware how to get minutes to make calls I'm hoping this will work for me	irrelevant information
When someone calls me from a landline phone, Skype can't pull out the contact details from my phone address book and show me the caller's name instead of its number. Once the call is finished, the name appears ok in the call logs, but never when the call is coming in.	bug report
The app used to work really well, but they're discontinuing support for SMS. This makes the app useless if you want this to be your primary messaging app.	feature request
Lifesaver when travelling.	irrelevant information
It's a cool app but yk the average discord mod still exists but there are still good mods and discord adds a new featurea every 1 month	feature request
app launching speed is very slow, it would be better if it had chat head like facebook messenger..	feature request
The service is ok but it always delays messages to the other person hours or if lucky minutes yall need to work on that	bug report
I love how secure this app is. I love open source. Keep up the great work. 🤍	irrelevant information
Last version is very bad. Not user friendly. Many peoples leaving skype	bug report
I love the capacity for group sharing, but wished we could copy messages and have more flexibility in seeing group members.	feature request
This app needs to add more features but. Not bad for now...	feature request
Lately all of my messages have had a little clock in the corner and won't send. This was never a problem before and it is very frustrating	bug report
Almost perfect except for not being able to verify my number unless I pay . That is the only negative mark that I have .	feature request
Someone tried using my information against me harassing and threatening me and still doing it hacking my accts	irrelevant information
Before the new UI I would easily give 4-5 stars. The new UI is simply uninspired, ugly, and horrible to navigate. Who ever told you this is what users wanted lied to you and should be fired. Return the ui and reviews will quickly change	feature request
Friendly...	bug report
This app used to be a good app. Also, just like text now it is now charging you to get verification codes. None of these should have the right to do that, you need to remove that feature now.	bug report
voices are distorted and the call will actually cut out sound sometimes.	bug report
The app is great to talk to all your friends in a GC but I logged out and deleted for a bit and now I can't get back in you should fix it	bug report
The app screams in your ear if the other end of the call doesn't pick up your call. And during the last months, by every update the app just got slower and slower.	bug report
Why do you insist on turning on the juvenile stickers & gifs, I turn it off, you turn it on, I turn it off, you turn it on..., and the ads, volume? size? I have subscribed a few times, too expensive for what you get.	feature request
Only thing of does not let you delete a comment once you send it. Or	feature request
Editing my review to complain about the new mobile UI; it's very glitchy and slow. I honestly really hate it. I really wish Discord hadn't changed how mobile Discord looked. If it isn't broken, don't try "fixing" it :]	feature request
Horrible app. Every time i open i have to wait for the error message to pop up twice to be able to scroll messages.	bug report
you also need to buy minutes and don't get enough time to talk to people	irrelevant information
This text and stuff for free this is a scam so I am only 10 and I've been at this since I was freaking 6 years old and I would not stupid enough to know this was a scam	irrelevant information
horrible paid for a calling plan to the u. s an doesn't work, an what customer service	bug report
Very good app! There is 1 problem though.. When I send a message sometimes I can't see them	bug report
Great way of communicating with my classmates.	irrelevant information
Wonderful, I stay informed and up to date with group info.	irrelevant information
I can't leave a group. The only options are Hide or Mute. Unless I'm on the wrong screen	bug report
When i make a call sometimes it starts out muted so i hang up. But even if i mute it, it dont work. Speaker goes in and out and i have to press it over and over to make it work. If im talkin, the person is about 4 seconds late and same with on their end. Please fix and thank you!	bug report
Excellent calls, but the notifications are not appearing when someone sends me a message. And yes, Skype is allowed on my phone to send notifications. Only thing for me is this but overall I enjoy using Skype	bug report
At first it worked great, but now it won't receive in coming calls or send my texts directly to people even though it seems as if they were sent.	bug report
So disappointed, it's getting worse by the day, you can't add more credit to skype when you need it and there is No One to contact to ask for help you !!! Sometimes the payment doesn't go through and by trying again you paid x2 times or more... 🙄 It used to be good, now it's a disaster !!?	bug report
I am having a hard time on the last update of this apps, when i call some1 the apps automatucally force stopping on its own, its so annoying my husband is on abroad and this is the onky way we can commjnicate but now i cannot talk to him because of this issue, please fix it 😭😭😭	bug report
Was great until the last update. Now it just crashes.	bug report
Whatever you did in your new update has pretty much broken my phone's ability to use discord. Everything is struggling to load, can't even open anything but my DMs.	bug report
the very good and the calls can crack up sometimes that is why I give it 4 stars besides that everything is great	irrelevant information
Terrible new update. Have rolled back my app and refuse to let it update again. Listen to your user base, no one likes this and people are uninstalling.	bug report
need it	irrelevant information
I can't see who's calling or who's leaving me messages or anything please help	bug report
With the new update I can not send images to servers. It'll send them to whoever the last person you DMed was	bug report
Works pretty well but I can't figure out how to prevent it from sending the message to my messages in addition to the GroupMe app.	feature request
Bro get these human verification out of here man. Like there's no button to press on verifi has a human. Bro. Fixed this	bug report
It's great no lagging when texting unless I have low battery 🔋	irrelevant information
Paid for subscription.. but my number still isn't locked. So I paid for something I can't use. I'd like a refund.	bug report
Good app but something happened during your last update (3/27/23) that made it so there are no channels in the only server I am involved in. This is only on my android, it didn't seem to affect my desktop app.	bug report
Breeding ground for scammers. Beware anyone that wants you to do a job interview via signal. I'm sure the app is great for just texting friends and family, but these scams are on the rise.	irrelevant information
Signal is completely insecure and teaming with federal agents. Don't bother with this garbage app. They love the fed bois. They love selling you out.	irrelevant information
I can't believe that a work app gets spam.	bug report
Very user friendly & simple to use	irrelevant information
A lotta bugs in skype. Sometime the call button is not work. Sometime Message notification come after 3-4hours. Oh man. It's hard to accept. If u not fix then maybe will loss a lot of user. Follow messenger, Whatsapp they haven't maybe any bug about call or message. This is an communication app. You should fix it.	bug report
Really love the integration with the not secure SMS messages, this way I use just one app (to rule them all)... With the deprecation of the SMS integration this app lost the thing that separated it from other encrypted p2p apps and that is why I have lowered my rating of it. Do not know what will be the future of it in my smartphone, eventually I will phase it out...	feature request
Skype data a sheet	irrelevant information
Good way to connect with people, but the developers keep pushing updates that break the app's visuals to make new features for their "nitro" subscription service while also taking away features from lower paying tiers of said subscription service	feature request
I really hate this new look, is there any way to uninstall the update or go back to how it looked before? :D	feature request
been having issues where my messages won't go through	bug report
This app won't let me uninstall or delete 30 kb of data very frustrating only used it once	bug report
This app is superior to any other app when making group plans. Seriously, it is amazing! No more Android to Apple mix-ups. This app solves them all. I especially enjoy the poll function-- great for deciding which movie we'll watch. That was my orginal review; however now the app has been glitching beyond belief. I have been added to several groupme lately and cannot see them. So may glitches I'm mad.	bug report
Idk why but ppl say i am not audible to them after i updated the discord	bug report
I don't get notification of the messages until I open the app. Kindly help out.	bug report
It can't show when someone is online	bug report
Great! Having trouble facetiming	bug report
Its da best I refer this to anyone...	irrelevant information
Upgraded and now it not working!!!	bug report
Please add screen sharing option too.	feature request
I've only had it for a few Weeks and it won't let me get on it to txt now	bug report
My boyfriend downloaded the app on another phone of mine to use temporarily. My Google account is still synced up to that phone. Somehow it started charging me for ad-free when neither me nor my bf ever selected that or purchased it ourselves. Also $6.99 a week is ridiculous. I'd understand once a month but a week?!	bug report
I downloaded it but when I tried to get into it it gives me a problem	bug report
It's annoying when I'm trying to use the app and a popup come up asking me to rate it.	irrelevant information
I really enjoy signal but bring back sms messaging.	feature request
Hi it's not letting us add people to our group. Last week no problem, thus week problem. Please fix	bug report
After some updates, the notification of the message is not coming proper if my phone is locked and sometimes the message is being received late by the receiver please check	bug report
So far I've just been going on circles ' update the app then do it all over agsin...it's b_s' esp, now hoe I need it the most	bug report
heavy, old, clymsy, and very slow ...	irrelevant information
makes calls. How did you manage to mess that up?	bug report
Slowest app ever seen. You cannot dial to call less that 5 minutes.	bug report
App is updated but doesn't always give me push notifications even though the setting is on. Also randomly messages won't send through if on Wi-Fi or not and I can't figure out how to fix it	bug report
Lag delayed messages aren't receiving on time.	bug report
I suspect this is the app thats randomly downloading other apps to my phone. User beware.	irrelevant information
Too many advertisements it slows down open of the app	bug report
Most of the time when you answer a call you get a bad signal and the phone call is choppy sometimes and other times u can hear the call other times u can't hear at all	bug report
The latest update changed things that dod not need to be changed. This is just a horrible update and honestly o want the old version back.	feature request
And all free calls and texts	irrelevant information
One of the worst app..always calls keep dropping and now all off a sudden even if the calls get accepted the app keeps vibrating... absolutely getting irritated with the app	bug report
I don't like it it has a lot of lagging and is not ringing just sending me a notification that I have a missed call	bug report
It's stupid	irrelevant information
App is always slow and the glitche.. oh the hackers man!	bug report
It Doesn't Allow Me To Post Alot Of Pictures!	feature request
Simple, straightforward application that met my expectations, and fulfilled my needs.	irrelevant information
buy minutes then told you need more minutes then it drops calls	bug report
Keep you updated with your group.	irrelevant information
Works more or less ok on pc. On android almost nothing works correctly. Frequently fails to send messages or notifications of ones received, or just doesn't load at all. On top of that, if you are part of any large servers you basically can't read anything older than 10 seconds since even if you scroll up to older messages, the app automatically jumps back to the bottom every time a new one is sent or the phone is locked and reopened (been asking for a fix for this for the last 5 years)	bug report
Can't get verification code without updating plan pay 9.99.	bug report
Generally good but the new update has changed things for the worse - making the app much slower and more difficult to navigate.	bug report
Good, just can't say anything in chats	irrelevant information
Texts work well, but everytime I make a call it puts it on speaker and won't let me change it back	bug report
Rip off of TextNow, ads and all. Minus texting, of course. Don't waste your time.	irrelevant information
Discord has been bugged off the wazoo lately and it's infuriating. Pictures and videos either don't send, or struggle to send, and voice noted aren't playing for anything, of they even send in the first place. Messages sometimes double up when they send, sometimes the app spontaneously crashes after I take pictures with the camera in the app, causing my to lose once in a moment photos. My friends and I have tried just about everything, but nothing changes.	bug report
I've been using discord for years, honestly it's been laggy and unreliable most times. But this new username change is awful. I truly think it's the worst possible update they could've done.	bug report
removing sms support means kissing my support bye.	feature request
GroupMe is so glitchy. I can't count the number of times I've missed notifications. Had to uninstall and reinstall due to all my groups disappearing (and not archived, either).	bug report
signal is, you'll get a notification saying to check your internet	irrelevant information
This app gave me pop ups on my phone!	bug report
Overall a great app, however it's currently impossible to retrieve my old account because my old phone number is registered on that account, and I can only get a code on that number-it isn't able to get calls or texts because the SIM card is gone. If you added a feature so that I could retrieve a login code through Email, that would get 5 stars from me. Hopefully this is added soon, otherwise I'm stuck without that account.	feature request
Why the developers don't go to check Whatsapp and copy everything and after that I will give you 5.	irrelevant information
It's A Good App Only With The New Update I Can't See People's Profile	bug report
Please remove the feature in the new update that tells you the summary of your app usage. It is making my phone glitch out and it keeps popping up... Super frickin annoying. When it's fixed I'll rate 5 stars.	bug report
I wish time was easier to get	feature request
Very good working app. Could use more features like pinning or adding messages to favorites and enlarging your camera image while video-calling. Blietooth microphone doesn't work, not sure whether it's the app's fault though	feature request
This app is better than Messenger	irrelevant information
Taylor Swift is sexy	irrelevant information
Messages and pictures do not come through in timely manner.	bug report
Really wish I could personalize this app. The service isn't so hot 95% of the time and I wish I could lock my messages with a secret pin. But all in all this.app works.	feature request
Helps my disabled veteran husband thank you	irrelevant information
Refuses to update. I may end up deleting it.	bug report
I cant complain really, got my number locked in so I'm good with everything	irrelevant information
Phone calls don't always come through especially when it's important, but all kinds of creditors wake you up all time +	bug report
Just think its not worth the space in my phone when you have group texting	irrelevant information
Been using this for a few months now on friends recommendation. Seems to do everything WhatsApp does but with added security. After a while (cant remember how long exactly maybe 28 days) your message disappear. You maybe able to change that in settings. Signal has yet to expand it's emoji to other skin colours etc. That would be nice	feature request
I love it. But if i send pics or vids it dont work.!	bug report
Doesn't let you send or call international	bug report
very useful. its able to make calls pretty much anywhere in the world, sometimes calls aren't the best quality but that can be for a number of reasons other than the app itself, it works exactly like you expect it to. only issue I have is a nitpick really. watching ads to get minutes of calling time can be annoying especially if its an emergency but you don't have minutes but its understandable why its there. this is a Luxury to be able to call people without service not a given right	irrelevant information
Price is inaccurate!! It says $7 a month until you try to purchase the upgrade. Once you click the link it says $7 a week. That is expensive for wifi phone service. You can get a sim second line for $5 or $10 a month. Please fix the pricing glitch. If it is $28 a month it should say it upfront! The free version works fine. The adds are not too bad.	bug report
why are random users allowed to message request me? this is the opposite of what I want. please let me disable all message requests. I will add the users I want to message	feature request
This app is ok a lot of these calling & free texting app they say are not compatiable with some phones actully works & this text free app of pinger needs too be fixed freezes constanly	bug report
I've been on Discord since 2016 and never had any problems with the UI. But now, since it's been changed to be more mainstream, it doesn't look good, and it's harder to navigate. I would give Discord 5 stars on desktop and web, but they ruined the experience on mobile by making it not cohesive with the other platforms and changing the messaging UI.	feature request
I have used this app for 3 years now and it's a great way to communicate with friends and meet new people. I only have one problem: You can't play an mp3 file in a channel. I communicate with a lot of musicians, and it gets annoying having to use a separate app to play the preview music they send me.	feature request
Last update on Android. Cannot load videos sent via chat, those same videos load fine via old version of skype for windows. Old status is broken, contact list and chat list do not show yellow/green, at the same time old windows version shows those correctly. New status (last seen) is also broken, most of the time it does not show up at all, and I have failed to find a way to force status refresh. Please do test the functionality before releasing a major version or forced upgrade.	bug report
This app is very useful for teaching online 👌👌👌👌	irrelevant information
Great way to group text! 🤙🏼	irrelevant information
randonly stop receiving notifications. All my notifications are turned on	bug report
App stopped working today. Can't send or receive any IM's. It sucks that you have to have Android 6.0 or higher for the new update. Please fix ASAP	bug report
Phone is not worth the money to buy  min never can hear anyone	bug report
Hi, can you update to support 120hz refresh rate on discord thank you.	feature request
I have been using the app for years but now it refuses to work.	bug report
I've used TextNow as a second number for many years now. Only issue is that I sometimes forget to go in the app and send a text so that I don't lose the number I had. Otherwise, it works rather well.	irrelevant information
Impossible to cancel number lock, end subscription goes to Google play subscriptions which isn't even linked, which makes it impossible to cancel the annual subscription. Now I have to report the app just to not get charged.	bug report
It's good but idk why it glitches some time like sometime I am unable to open keyboard Then sometime glitch or laged and do some unexpected things like auto going to friends or setting etc please fix this Best wishes for discord journey Happy coding ;)))	bug report
My favourite game free fire	irrelevant information
Only used it for work.	irrelevant information
Frustrated with new version of Skype for many reasons.	bug report
The new update has many bugs & glitches compared to previous versions. Loading times are also greatly increased. Visual changes aren't too much of a big deal, since one will adjust to them eventually. However, this update also caused negative effects on the practical aspects of Discord, which is unacceptable.	bug report
let me block clyde pls ON A SERIOUS NOTE the pin limit is TINY and there are auite a few bugs but most of them get fixed. the layout changes a lot which may be uncomfortable to some users and i completely get that. other than that, its a pretty good app	feature request
I really like it. It has worked well for me.	irrelevant information
Often breaks in various ways and the new update made the ui look horribly worse. I preferred when it was gray. What were they thinking with this update??? Bring back the old UI! Extra star for being a good way to connect with friends. Edit: The automatic review is pretty much lying, with every update the glitches get worse and are never removed.	feature request
I got on to this app and none of it loaded I was stuck at the beginning and I could not do anything	bug report
I have a phone but when I was texting my mom to tell her that my freaking sister wanted it never went that said he went through but I got a text message saying it didn't what what  heck is wrong with this thing	bug report
ew what is this new mobile layout. remove pls is icky	feature request
If I could give it ZERO stars, I would. Because this new update made a once great app into a buggy, laggy, hard-to-use piece of garbage. If it wasn't for the fact that I use discord primarily on my phone I would have ditched it by now. I really hope they go back to the old UI. AT LEAST GIVE US BACK 'THE SWIPE LEFT FOR ACTIVE USERS' FEATURE! 🤬🤬	feature request
The updates for Discord are really bringing it downhill and its making it pretty impractical. The symbols, the Servers and Chats being separated, it just takes alot of extra time.	feature request
I do not like messenger home on my phone taking off	bug report
I cant even type on it 😐	bug report
Separate the wheat from the chaff, use Signal!	irrelevant information
I'm using this app to inform my martial art students when I have another class on youtube, but some of the messahes don't go through. When I try to add a new member it says that the member wasn't added, sometimes. I haven't been able to find a list of the members, so I don't who was added or who wasn't. I emailed support twice with no response. During this lock down I have to make sure I'm in contact with people or I won't get paid. I may have to change apps.	bug report
whatsapp is better in so many ways. i have no idea why people use this.	irrelevant information
App works ok, but I rarely use it. SO MAKE DAMN SURE YOU WANT IT, because figuring out how to cancel services so they don't bill you is impossible!!!!	bug report
Me and my monkey	irrelevant information
Great place to hang out and chat with people Edit: was a 5 star but is now a 1 star because of the UI update being horrendous	feature request
Pretty good, but i think it needs more moderation	irrelevant information
The app setup is awful if u don't know how to use it good luck figuring out	irrelevant information
Good App For small Family Meetings	irrelevant information
I'm locked out of my account! It says it's already registered. Why Discord, Why?	bug report
Better than the rest, still pretty bad. Made the app worse to peddle nitro, why get rid of the old username system there was nothing wrong, and I hate the new layout. Stop fixing things that aren't broken, and stop making it like all the other messaging apps- we liked this one for as it was	feature request
Cool app and all, I could chat with my friends if they had it. But as you can see, this app isn't that good, you can't join servers without a link on mobile and that's all I have! I want to be able to chat with people but that makes it really hard, it's not even like I can just go onto the Web version cuz it just opens the app, if I tap "desktop site" cuz the app STILL opens meaning I can't join new servers. This is a huge setback for the app and I'd be rate it 5☆ if it weren't for this.	bug report
It's a good app but sometimes have problems hearing them and them hearing me	bug report
I've always loved using discord, BUT THE NEW LAYOUT IS TERRIBLE. It's confusing and overwhelming. I know a whole lot of people including me who have a very hard time adjusting to such big changes. Please change it back or atleast give us the option to do so for ourselves!!	feature request
This is so nice, I got so many friends!	irrelevant information
dont know why but when i get text wont play sound and wont let me open sounds notification will give better 🌟 if i can fix	bug report
Used to be a good app, but they "improved" so it runs incredibly slow. Microsoft of 1990's "Winblows" fame is back in action.	bug report
Worked perfectly but all of a sudden can't make any calls or text anyone even though I have good connection. Keeps telling me call can not be connected. Please try again later.	bug report
Great app, simple to use. Encrypt everything! -2016 Updating the review...it was good while it lasted don't install, removing SMS functionality killed the app -2023	feature request
when I am on a group call , I cant see each person on the call or choose to see one particular video from the group. It's fixed on 4 videos only in front and the others can't be seen when they speak as well.	bug report
it lags out	bug report
Nitro good. nitro money. money expensive.	irrelevant information
Love it but not sending my message on time	bug report
Very basic app. Nothing exciting. Calling experience is not good. Had a lot of interrupted calls, long time to connect, ringtones not nice. Sometimes quiet don't know what was going on. There should be clear standard tones and clear explanation what happened. Also I want to be able to choose b video resolution to save data. The only good thing is privacy.	bug report
Text now is a awesome app everyone should have it and it's free 100%	irrelevant information
I love the App but every time I install it My AntiVirus App says Malware! Can You please Do something about it! I'll Give it 5 stars as soon as something happens!	bug report
Horrible Couldn't make my first call on the app	bug report
It's an okay app. It allows you to message with wifi but has a lot of bugs!	bug report
Minutes go by to fast	irrelevant information
This app is advertised free phone number with free texting. I download the app, then it tells me phone and text is $9.99 per month.	bug report
I would could not survive grad school without it.	irrelevant information
someone on our group entered several ongoing meeting dates which filled up the feed, accepting the meetings did not get rid of them, and worst of all did not send to my calendar, very cluncky.	bug report
constantly having problems with people calling me and there is no ringtone to let me know and so therefore I end up with a bunch of missed calls.... 😬	bug report
I hate the new update, I'm dyslexic and the way the font practically becomes invisible in the notifications is horrendus just give us back the old discord no one likes this at all	feature request
audio, but the call-out feature doesn't work either.	bug report
They updated the UI and it bad	feature request
GroupMe us a great way to communicate with those who are close to me.	irrelevant information
Doodles, everybody wants to draw stupid pictures and send them to each other.	irrelevant information
Amazing no one can match Skype 😘	irrelevant information
Great for sharing photos and videos! Only trouble is the notifications don't always come through so messages get missed.	bug report
Bhai mujhe discord acha Laga but nitro nhi hai wahi chaiye toh agr owner ye Mera messages dekhra hai toh mujhe nitro dedo gift Mai my discord I'd:zainpie	irrelevant information
Great way to keep in touch with the family. highly recommended 👍	irrelevant information
Its good. Although the first part of the call is a bit pixelated but after that it went to hd. 4 stars!	bug report
I think the username and tag change was a bit unnecessary so were the pronouns but ngl I still love discord almost the same A-	irrelevant information
I like it but lately whenever i go to send a picture, whether it be from my camera or gallery, the app crashes and the picture never sends. And then if you take that picture with the camera, its gone forever. Please fix it so i can enjoy sending memes again! Lol	bug report
Wow! What a huge difference from what I remembered. The various sharing features are all decently implemented. I felt the screen usage was a fair bit crowded when in started flying with 'Together Mode' & 'Captions'	feature request
Better than Google Voice	irrelevant information
This new mobile update needs to be changed.	feature request
I dont like the adds thay pop out every were	irrelevant information
Can no longer open blocked messages. So, 2 stars. Nothing like taking away features with no stated reasoning.	bug report
SAYS: Enter my private phone number, no thanks..	irrelevant information
Please fix the bugs in phone sometime it is network issue but is accures several times 🫤	bug report
I got the app and I because the group I wanted to chat with had it so I was already using I WiFi app so I was using that phone number I get the message and it says it's incorrect for no reason even though it is correct and I have had it resend but nothing	bug report
Update: It seems that the voice feedback bug has been fixed with the latest update for Mobile, specifically Google Pixel phones. I also like that the interface is more suited for mobile phones on this version of the app versus how it was basically the desktop version cobbled together.	irrelevant information
I accidentally made two accounts. I'm trying to sync the two but the sync isn't working. Nor will it allow me to fully disconnect an account from the email	bug report
I'm only rating so your pop-up will go away	irrelevant information
Im a people person and this opens opertunities to meet my groupies!!	irrelevant information
Just started recently, don't have enough experience to formulate an opinion!!	irrelevant information
The latest mobile update has made just about everything about the app worse in every way. I run into constant bugs and issues, it runs much slower, swapping between servers and DMs is clunky and constantly lags. Every time I open a DM it opens it to the top of the current scroll and I have to scroll all the way back down to see the most recent messages. There was no reason to update mobile like this and it has almost universally made the user experience worse. Change for changes sake.	bug report
Why won't my groupme let me meme photos that I downloaded from Facebook for example?  It seems like only pics I take I can meme.  It says something like "cannot do at this time"	bug report
I would have given 5 stars bot the new UI is not working for me . I request discord to bring Back the og UI .	feature request
Very nice if its nindut siya	irrelevant information
ever since the update i cant make a call. i love skype and been using this for yrs to contact my grandparents. but ever since the update i cant call them anymore. please fix	bug report
Easy to you us, everything easy to get to, like it a lot..	irrelevant information
Sexy	irrelevant information
Good updates guys keep it up	irrelevant information
The new update is terrible. It's so clunky. Its weirdly too big and too small. Everything feels off, it completely wiped my favorite emojis and doesn't feel as smooth or polished as before. Clunky. Guess what it's still a piece of garbage! Newest update is so unintuitive and it takes forever to get to pins. Awful.	bug report
It keeps crashing! I will type a sentence on GroupMe, but when I hit send it disappears?!?!?!? So frustrating!!!! Please fix it!!!	bug report
Before you install the app, please check out how many 1 stars are compared to how many 5 stars. There are around (80) 5 stars, and there are thousands and thousands of (1) stars. Now, that will tell you what this app is like. It's a really bad app. Please always check and compare 1 stars to how 5 stars before you install. And everything the 1 star people said about this app is true. Ty and I hope you all have a blessed day	irrelevant information
Every PIN that is sent is "invalid". Why TF can't I create an account when I'm entering the PIN that was sent?!	bug report
There is absolutely NO reason for it to be a requirement to sync my contacts for the app to work. I used to love this app. But this is unacceptable. Contact sync should be optional not required. I refuse to use this app until fixed.	feature request
Love Signal, I transferred over from Whatsapp once Facebook bought it. I basically don't even use the default messenger app on my phone anymore cause signal is just better.	irrelevant information
I don't understand when I video call people with perfect connection I get constant unstable internet warnings. It's exhausting.	bug report
Good and app	irrelevant information
Everything is working fine besides the pictures and videos. I'm on mobile, and I'm quite literally unable to send any images or videos. I've deleted and reinstalled it multiple times with no change. Even restarting my phone in hopes of a change, and nothing happened.	bug report
Dropping sms suppor is going to be the end of this app. It already was too limited with mms and now no sms. There is absolutely no reason to support this app anymore.	bug report
Been using this app for years, but is has been getting worse all the time for quite a while now and right now all messages sent to me have been arriving with a minimum of 10 minutes of delay again for the last 24 hours. These malfunctions are getting more and more common and by now I'm just done with this and going to switch to another messenger.	bug report
Bring back old mobile appearance, or at least give a settings to make it like that. Too much lag for this one	feature request
Since your upgrade this app is really messing around if you using a phone	bug report
I use this app to keep in touch with my classmates in group chats, but it just started crashing on me and wasting my battery in the background	bug report
the UI is constantly changing, making it harder and more annoying to do simple things. i can't count the amount of pointless updates that have been added in the last few months that were supposed to make messaging/finding notifs more convenient to be the complete opposite	feature request
Downloaded this app while I was in Thailand and I could not add anyone from back home in Canada.	irrelevant information
My app often says group me keeps stopping, and won't let me add photos.	bug report
tried resetting my password.	bug report
OK, so far. Like this simplicity, privacy but miss someone features of Chomp. Like templates, other graphics.	feature request
I love this app this makes me socialize more and I can talk to my friends and people here, however there is a issue I've been experiencing for quite awhile whenever I open my friend server's announcement channel the app crashes and it says discord stopped working if I open any other server or channel it works perfect i am not sure if there's something wrong with my friend's server or my app	bug report
It wouldn't let me sign in, tried to change my password bust the help / support page isn't working	bug report
This would be ☆☆☆☆☆ if I could actually receive notifications!! I used to... I tried uninstalling & reinstalling. and resetting my settings back to default, which also hasn't worked.	bug report
The App is now entirely unusable on my Tab S7+, please UPDATE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. It crashes instantly.	bug report
Very glitchy and always crashes	bug report
Good service mostly	irrelevant information
This App has been a great help allowing me to be able to talk to people that I don't want others to know about 10/10,5starsout of 5stsrs	irrelevant information
Its just another way someone can bother me	irrelevant information
Thanks for your service and Bold 😘	irrelevant information
Needs an option to search for specific text in past messages. Also needs an option to export/import messages. Has a 1000 character limit per message, I think it needs to be a 2000-3000 limit because it always seems like I'm just slightly over. *Update*: It deleted all my msgs when I updated the app, it also doesn't allow me to send pics, and when I send vids they're 250pixels and blurry af. If you want people to upgrade and pay for a service, these issues discourage that.	bug report
Mono audio on mobile device. Which is irritating while listening to music on voice channel. Previously there was a option to change it but now there isn't. Takes some time to connect on mobile app. It shows connecting... Its for few minutes but when you are opening in hurry it's feels irritating. No issues in desktop app.	bug report
I really like this app when it works. However lately the notifications have not been working and I can't send messages sometimes for days. It's super frustrating. So I have uninstalled this app 3 times in the last 2 weeks...and again tonight I am having the same problems.	bug report
Microsoft ruined Skype. It used to work near perfectly every time, now it's so buggy as to be nearly useless. Dropped calls, mic cuts out randomly, will ring on one device and not others, let you "pick up" a call but it keeps ringing while your trying to talk, etc etc etc.	bug report
It a good app but im unabe to use it on my laptop, y so i would love to know!!	feature request
So many issues with phonecalls, no one can hear me. My msgs are sometimes blank..	bug report
Voice message doesn’t play most of the time	bug report
Nice app but it sucks and misbehave of recent it we automatically log you out after registration and you can't access it again. Please try and fix it.	bug report
After use app	irrelevant information
This is a good app and does as expected. On my phone sometimes it doesn't ring and other times calls/texts come in late, overall W app, would install again	bug report
discord always the best social media apps. with this, i can't only talk or conversation with friend's or my best friend's from entire world. but also, can find the community that i like it. really love it so much. hopefully they will have lite version (small version) for discord apps	feature request
To H to Y	irrelevant information
March 2023 crashing, slow connecting to voice channels, adjusting people's mic volume is very glitchy.	bug report
It's glitching.	bug report
The decision to drop sms support is infuriating. I have read the blog posts about why and still think it is a huge mistake. The developers are literally forcing me to migrate to another app.	feature request
Pretty awful app. Constantly get message notifications yet when I open the app the sender is still writing. App crashes and cannot record video still. Don't bother with it. Tried to contact support half a dozen times but ignored. If you're going to ignore your users why bother offering support? Can't even change notification settings. Whenever you do - nothing changes.	bug report
Its decent. Especially when you have no phone...	irrelevant information
Doesnt even let me sign in anymore. Even deleted & re-installed tha app & still doesnt work & also updated to tha newest version & still nothing. It has been a great app, but whut is tha issue now???	bug report
very good. No much fluctuation	irrelevant information
Just had an update to UI on my Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra and now the app says it has a bug and keeps closing. Had no issues before that	bug report
Skype is good for business, not for spamming people.	irrelevant information
Its a grest app to contect others around the world..	irrelevant information
Not a fan of the new layout. That and mobil with chat now makes me talk on my phone, no speaker option at all. Because an app used to communicate between (originally) gamers don't need their hands while talking....	feature request
Love the security of the app and it's functions. Seamless transfer from Apple back to Android but I cannot find the app for my Galaxy watch 5. Help?	feature request
When making a video call my video doesn't show up for the other person	bug report
this is cool app for call	irrelevant information
It can be slow. And you have to update it quite offten.	bug report
i dont like that i take notifications off and it auto turns back on. also drains battery on my phone.	bug report
Absolutely HORRIBLE quality, making it VERY hard to hear the person you are calling!	bug report
Everything you would expect from a modern messenger app, with privacy added. Just dld it. And if you ever change device, the transfer is better designed than the main messenging apps !	irrelevant information
You're very good app to use if you want to get a message out to a group of people	irrelevant information
Very disappointed that you can only use it on one mobile device	feature request
No repeated notifications for new unread messages.	feature request
The group message for a school club is constantly being hacked. Random people add themselves, remove everyone from the message, and then remove themselves. There is no way to find the person and block them, nor a way to make the message private in any way. Please fix this!! It's such a problem I had to get a different app. Will not be using this app again unless that is fixed.	bug report
Notifications do not work with all setting turned on and the app refresh does not work.	bug report
I just started to use this program. So far most calls have been great but have had issues with lost calls. Also one unsure caller, I did not recognize the photo that came in with this call. Nor the person calling.	bug report
It has been great for all of my sister's to meet in the same place while we Are in different places.	irrelevant information
It shuts down& wont send my messages.	bug report
Skype keeps personal information safe while providing a great platform to do Skype meetings and appointments. I use Skype for work more than any other video meeting platform because it works so well with the goals I'm working on for my business. Using Skype helped me learn more about Microsoft programs and many have been super useful.	irrelevant information
It keeps not responding and lagging. It sometimes won't even work and the app will close. FIX THIS!	bug report
This is the best free call and text app ever for the most part I just wish the Service would work on at&t and cricket provider phones so until the Service can work on my provided phones it's going to be a 3 stars but if you get the Service working I'll change to a 5 star	feature request
I think it's the update that's making discord keeps saying "connecting" even tho my connection is good it's because of that i couldn't be able to use discord properly and i think it's some sort of glitch, and it'd be nice if discord could fix it since the issue wont go away	bug report
Pros - being able to talk to everyone at once.  Cons - Not being able to delete groups you previously joined,  you can only his them.	feature request
they not fluid.	bug report
not resister my number. It says number invalid 😆	bug report
Loved the layout.!! thanks	irrelevant information
I wish there was a way to revert to the old layout. The new one is far too clunky and changes things without a reason to be changed.	feature request
The new update is not good. If I select a notification it takes me to the message, but then if I try to change channels the header changes, but the actual chat never changes. I have to close and reopen the app. It's more difficult to find things in chat. It seems that commands like "mention" and "in" aren't available. Also selecting a notification for a chat reply doesn't take me to the actual message.	bug report
Everytime a third person joins the call I get disconnected over and over and over again and when I reconnect they can't hear me. Never tells me when I have messages and won't connect to chats to show messages either. I'm not gonna pay for nitro if this keeps happening	bug report
Love the app, hate the new mobile screen for it. Please make it a setting for the old mobile screen!	feature request
So far so good Skype been pretty reasonably I believe it's better than some of the other call apps or get a second number out I use Skype phone and I have no problem I used the other ones and I get dropped calls I'm really impressed with this app it's a really must have I really give it a 10 but I just been playing with the phone myself	irrelevant information
It has way to many adds but works good	bug report
Allright good for being free	irrelevant information
Best user interface. While being able to multi task.	irrelevant information
This app was perfect...right up until it stopped accepting SMS messages. Unfortunately, I talk with too many people, including my landlord, who will not switch to Signal. If I have to use another app for all those people, I might as well use that app alone. So long, Signal. I enjoyed our time together. I wish you all the best, but we are no longer comparable.	bug report
Th archiving and backup could be a little bit more streamlined (as in WhatsApp for example), but nevertheless a very good app.	feature request
Awaiting Switch Account feature from PC to be implemented on Hand-held devices to avoid using Clone Apps.	feature request
Terrible update, ruins the experience.	feature request
Does what it does no problems eay to navigate an really really handy 10/10 for me.	irrelevant information
Great way to keep in touch with and inform my band ates of import info.	irrelevant information
Mad cause I have missed calls cause it don't work	bug report
Great but one major flaw. The fact that you can't delete messages you post makes this app kind of dinosaur. I see people fall victim to accidentally putting things in the wrong groupme and suddenly what is a convenient tool turns into an inconvenient weapon.	feature request
I love it. Notification rather often not working now on Moto g62. Remove of sms was not a clever one..	bug report
Horrible the acc kept logging me out snd wouldn't let me log back in to text or make calls	bug report
Calls are quiet, have had ads interrupt calls, can't use touch tone menus as the sound never stops, restricting calling options	bug report
The new app is clunky and does not offer a full screen mode anymore.	feature request
(1) App fails to open during IMAGE SHARE operation. >>>> Steps to reproduce: With Signal locked, Open gallery, Select image, choose SHARE, choose Signal, Signal prompts for authentication, Signal exits back to gallery, Repeat steps 'select an image', Signal opens with image in draft. (2) Next, type text, minimize app, return to app, text is PURGED. WHY??	bug report
Discord needs some improvements on it's Mobile App Version since I do notice that there is a lot of issues with trying to get around and general improvements for getting around should be tweaked or revamped Still having issues with camera on discord when in a voice channel or DM's it keeps buffering the camera	bug report
This app should have more verifications instead of only email verification how's that phone linking gonna be fair if u can only use email to verify	feature request
Textfree was a good app. Until then I couldn't recieve some messages. I couldn't recieve or send pictures nor could I make or answer phone calls. When I try calling it kept saying that there was trouble with my internet connection but, my connection is perfectly fine. I also have the minutes so I do not know what is wrong. And I would get a notification saying I got a message but then when I click the app, the message disappears, so I am not able to know what was said. Please fix this situation soon.	bug report
Informative and exact time notification	irrelevant information
So far j have no issues with posting and receiving notifications but profile pics no matter which I choose are side ways.	bug report
Tried to talk. Can't talk to anyone. Waste of space	bug report
This app is used by women demanding steam scam cards for dropping false accusations of rape demanding steam scam cards for buying food paying bills etc major scamming site	irrelevant information
I really want to like the app. I can never add or find my friends who have accounts, and NO Copy and Paste??? C'mon guys you can do it!	feature request
App is very nice specially to learn something online.	irrelevant information
It's great so far,I haven't had a problem yet. So 5 🌟	irrelevant information
very good app. we use for training now	irrelevant information
Battery drain problem	bug report
I can't even have a phone call longer than 10 seconds without it saying poor connection even if I am using the world's best wifi	bug report
can't change time settings. my phone is on 12-hour time but skype stuck with 24-hour time and can't change	bug report
Difficult to manipulate and find functions	feature request
Past 2 updates have broken discord. Delayed messages. Channels disappear and have to close and restart several times a day. Please fix this. Many others that i talk to are having same issues. Thanks	bug report
I use this for my business. How do I get a receipt?	feature request
In my opinion it's an awesome app.	irrelevant information
For the first time ever, Discord is the reason I've stopped using auto-updates on my Android apps.	feature request
WORST APP EVER!!!! I TRIED TO VERIFY MY ACCOUNT FOR SM AND IT SAID I COULDN'T BC I NEED TO SUBSCRIBE JUST FOR VERIFICATION!!!!	bug report
love this app plus you can order sim card for like 1$ and use ya phone anywhere and you dont even have to use Wi-Fi	irrelevant information
May actually give Nitro a chance	irrelevant information
Good for texting but bad wi-fi equals camera no work	bug report
It needs the option to log numbers. I missed a call and have no way to see the number. Otherwise works decent.	feature request
Just never working. Worst app ever	bug report
Its great. After leaving a group, you should be able delete the group totally from your app. But the only option presented is rejoin. If I want to delete a group that I left, I should be able too	feature request
Crystal clear	bug report
I can't find the send bottom every time I want to post a message!!	bug report
Its good but like im struggling to send videos and images even w them being low resolution its been like this for a while	bug report
awful app. took forever to setup due to someone else using my phone number. way harder to use than whatsapp. not user friendly. you cant delete old conversations. it needs alot of fine tuning.	bug report
It's a good app. But the only problem is that I recently stopped getting notifications when I get a text. I have to stay in the app in order to know I got one. I checked my settings and everything seems to be on. Is anyone else having this problem or is it just me?	bug report
I love skype and i am using it from years. The only reason for this rating is that from past 3 days i am having a problem while making a video call i am not able to see the video. Please fix it as soon as possible.. Now when i am signing in again to my account it shows "unable to connect"	bug report
Every time someone calls me or i call them it asways breaks up and they cant hear me plz fix that	bug report
stoped working. But they fixed it then got back to me about it so its clear they're trying	bug report
EDITED REVIEW: The new updated app is refreshing and works flawlessly on my Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra. I am very pleased with the latest release. Thank you! _______________________________________ The latest app spams a large green bar on the top of the screen when watching a live stream. There is no way to turn it off that I know of. Please fix this issue as it is rather annoying and takes up valuable screen space.	bug report
It's a good app to be sincere but they it should be showing when someone is online or last seen	feature request
the last update is so buggy, fix that please	bug report
I can't receive calls or text messages I have even uninstalled it then reinstalled and I'm still having problems	bug report
Does not send notifications to my Samsung Galaxy smartphone	bug report
Works well, a little hard to navigate	irrelevant information
If you are looking for a groupchat app, try another. GroupMe lacks a modern look - it looks the same as it has for years and needs am update. It also lacks a lot of the things that make a groupchat cool - customizing pictures, emojis, nicknames, colors. There is nothing special about this one, and often isn't easy to use.	feature request
A right now I'm giving TextNow one star cuz as I noticed today I can't make any phone calls without being on wifi. My phone and my SIM card that's in my phone is very active and it has mobile data. I can receive text messages and text other people. And people can call me. But for me I can't make phone calls myself without out being on wifi. I don't know why that is. It might be a bug that TextNow is having but they need to hurry up and fix it so I can make phone calls myself.	bug report
I'm not gon lie I used to love this app , but it started having to many ads and glitching so I'm like lemme try again it's still glitching so if it wasn't doing all this it will be a 5 foshoo 🤣 .	bug report
Excellent, it's the best 2nd # I ever had. Highly recommend it.	irrelevant information
ios. My android versions still had months of chats even if deleted on	feature request
Would be 5 stars if I could stream on ps4 💔	feature request
Nice app was recommended	irrelevant information
It's a great app I have my mom's old phone and now can text my friends without my mom's phone	irrelevant information
work I need this for my job and it doesn't work. Literally garbage	bug report
The worst app I've ever installed. The support is a joke. Microsoft destroyed Skype.	bug report
I wish this app allowed videos so others can view.	feature request
Mommy	irrelevant information
Audio quality is terrible now.  Skype's gone downhill in the last 3 years.	bug report
One is because you only get 10 minutes and second when you're talking to someone they can't always hear you right	bug report
Make sure there is strong Wi-Fi connection. The stronger, the better communication will be while using this app.	irrelevant information
Having a really hard time receiving group invites from via email and not being able to open them up to approve them. It leads me to the download app link in my store then forgets to lead me to the group in the app..Needs work. What's taking so long? Instead of creating new cool things like meme's try maybe spending your time fixing the app's bugs and making it operate more sufficiently	bug report
Our coach is using this for communication. He added me and there was a glitch, so for a bit I was in a group by myself. I was still showing as being in the big group where discussions were happening. He removed me from the big group and added me again. I got the invite, but every time I accept I get the message that I can't be added. Coach was able to add my husband and it worked, but I can't be added. I tried to get support from groupme, but there is no one to contact. Don't use it.	bug report
Been using the app since 2018, so far still good, except for the 25mb file limit upload	feature request
Text now they got the greed. Nothing loads on multiable devises. I've had text now as a alternate number for years and it is at its all time worst.	bug report
Tanks for this apps very useful to all of us...	irrelevant information
Best free wifi texting & calling app I've used	irrelevant information
As always	irrelevant information
This app is pathetic. I have a Google voice number, and was added to a group in this app so that I could receive messages by text. However, the texts are usually mangled, and it's not possible to respond to them in an effective way. What's worse, when I tried to register, the app would not accept my phone number at all! An engineer confirmed that they do not allow Google voice numbers to register, so now I will keep getting messages, but can't log in to use the app or change my settings!	bug report
Was really excited to get to use this app but it only rings once and then it's just silent they can't hear me and I can't hear them	bug report
A great app to talk with the homies. Please stop hastily porting the IOS version onto the Android version.	feature request
The removal of sms support is going to kill this app for me. I've invited people to try it, but it doesn't take long before they uninstall it because they don't care for it. I'm now left with two people who use it regularly. I'm afraid I'll be removing the app because it is no longer relevant for me to keep it installed.	feature request
Kinda stupid how you can't send any pictures if you don't have mins the whole point of this is to be used over wifi morless like you should make it so as long as your on wifi you should be able to send pics	feature request
wont let me send images even though i have rlly good wifi idk why	bug report
Since the last update the speech is fragmented and lags. This happens every time with message about poor connection. I've had Skype for years and never had this issue. Please fix.	bug report
Messages that I am supposed to receive lag. Updated over WiFi lag. I work in a school and use GroupMe to respond to student crisis. It is critical to receive notifications immediately. That does not happen all the time and is very frustrating. This needs to be updated because other messaging apps do not have this issue.	bug report
It works very well ~ Thank you 😊	irrelevant information
Free is blasted everywhere but so far have not had even one free text. Got no credits and earn credit button not doing anything. So wrong advertising.	bug report
I couldn't figure out how to protect this app from others getting into it. No password protection.	bug report
It consumes a lot of data. But it provides useful tools for me to learn English. So, I think this is a very good method for me to practice English speaking and listening.	irrelevant information
At first I could make phone calls now they won't connect	bug report
Normally app	irrelevant information
I'm using it to talk tia group that is called FSY and we love it so much	irrelevant information
Safe and easy	irrelevant information
Lolxx it's ok 👌	irrelevant information
Who ever write that " done reading check out another channel " makes chat ui bugged and it also bugs me everytime opening discord via mobile its annoying Edited : Adding more problem somehow sender lose its availability to view image if the file that get sended deleted in gallery in previous version this shouldnt happen. But luckly reciever still get to view image that get sended for mobile version *	bug report
I can't get any incoming calls, can't send pics to others & get one from em. FIX IT PLEASE.	bug report
When Is Voice Coming? -.-	feature request
number was change	irrelevant information
I think you guys should make two tabs at the top, on for groups and one for dms.	feature request
1 message takes 2 days to be send out :)	irrelevant information
App no longer loads consistently on an S20.	bug report
I had 36 minutes and i wasted 8 attempting calls. Not one call was successful. Same for reviewing calls. Cant hear anything.	bug report
Been using Signal for a while now and it's the best.	irrelevant information
My favorite Social Media App. Simple, intuitive & highly adaptable with 1 drawback (Determining where to create your initial account). Recommend starting by joining a server operated by a group you're familiar with. After establishing that initial account/ personal profile, your ready to fly, jump, run, dive or whatever makes your world spin with others of a like mind.	irrelevant information
Good for Safety and private using.	irrelevant information
Its not what it used to be.	irrelevant information
Thanks for the quality, no services that can compete	irrelevant information
Keeps saying number is inactive and asking to change it to a new number which also turns out to be inactive. That cycle continues on and on and nothing in the app works except advertisements playing for which you get nothing.	bug report
Always have problems with the app whenever it updates. Other than that it's good.	bug report
I keep having connection problems where its saying to everyone I am connected but it won't let me hear or talk to anyone because it is still connecting. It's been happening since the update You have fixed something and broke something else	bug report
NOT FREE!!!!! Cost $10 per month and the charges continue until you unsubscribe!!	irrelevant information
The design gets less straightforward every year. Would like a simple	feature request
If there were a lower rating that I could give this app,,, I'd give it in a heartbeat.. this app is nothing more than ads.. I can't even use it because the ads take over the screen.. even if I get a chance to use it,,, I'm not allowed to do so... Save yourselves some headaches and don't download this thing... It's total garbage and useless to the public	bug report
Current update make it worse. Not simple UI, Pins become useless cuz its hard too see/check now.. no one will ever check pin cuz this now. This may not an issue for small server, but for community or big server its clearly is. It will cause people to asking more question which actually already pinned :( . Like how can you see something you can't (Cuz its hidden) PC Discord being the best cuz it stay with the simple UI. How to keep on Old UI for mobile... :)	feature request
I have never had a problem with discord before. I love it a lot but in the recent update while I'm in a video call with someone, it turns off their camera at some point and says unstable connection. This is actually starting to make me so upset to the point that I cry, please remove this feature. It is so hard to enjoy a video call with my boyfriend, this is the only way I feel close to him.	bug report
You remove SMS. I remove my 5 stars. Simple.	bug report
The update is terrible, it won't let me call my friends without the screen going black I don't have another device when I watch YouTube or tiktok it doesn't do that.	bug report
On pixel 4 with android 12. No notifications what so ever for incoming texts. tried everything. so with no notifications that gets two stars. sorry	bug report
Freeze's my phone up	bug report
New home page is terrible. It says it was supposed to be "easier to manage" but it's actually way more difficult.	bug report
Not a fan of my job forcing us to use apps to have group chats, but as it stands it works well and is intuitive.	irrelevant information
This app sucks it went even work it was just loading forever I don't recommend anyone downloads it	bug report
This app acts up and now won't allow me to text or to call out or recieve calls for no reason. Not a good app to rely on when your phone is off.	bug report
Ruined, you know why	bug report
Sweet and perfect	irrelevant information
I'm a big fan of this app I always prefer Skype but this update made me to dislike this app it's sucks sluggish version old was good as to compare this update please fix this problem if Microsoft wants floks use this app then fix this problem I'm gonna quiet this until not gives a good update goodbye Skype	feature request
I've gotten messages on time. Accuracy is given every time. I'd definitely would recommend GroupMe as an outlet for Businesses, Conference Details, Innovative Meetings as well as gathering of friends. It is the best App out there this far. I would like Video messages added in the future. Thank you GroupMe. You're appreciated 👍🏼🙏🏼	feature request
App was fine, just the new update ruins it. It's more like an email app now rather than a chatting app. The new update over complicated the app.	feature request
fail to ring	bug report
I had problems installing and setting up the app for me and others because we had used it in previous lives under different email addresses. But eventually got it to work.	irrelevant information
Screw this whole change. This whole layout	feature request
I don't know what's going on but this app usually works wonders for me. Only this time I'm logging in, and of course,, I will be needing a new number since it's been awhile BUT the screen either freezes or it just stops working on the page where it says "Let's find a number you'll love-Enter your desired area code". I tried messing with it a bunch of times and even refreshed the page. Whats going on T.F? I really need you guys to fix this! I depend on this alternate number! Thank u 😒	bug report
Messenger seems to be Implanted in my new T-Mobile Phone. I downloaded Signal but Every way I try to eliminate Messenger apps,I get a warning to download Messenger to avoid viruses. Signal is on my list of apps but I keep getting a message that Signal is not secure. Any ideas???	bug report
This was an excellent do-all secure messaging app. Allowed me to have secure conversations with other Signal users but could also handle unsecure messaging from others, and would allow me to use some of Signal's internal labeling and muting features even on non-Signal contacts. I won over a lot of Signal converts over the years with the above sales pitch, and feel a bit betrayed now it's taking a huge step backwards and becoming Just Another 3rd Party Messaging App by removing SMS compatibility.	feature request
You all should add a feature where you can leave a group on your own	feature request
The app is broken and the voice chat is delayed over 1 second at the best of times and over 5 seconds at the worst of times. When you're not getting delays in voice chat, it's either choppy, or the garbage noise cancelling system mutes people's mics when they're trying to talk. Discord is doing nothing to fix the app and refine it with good ideas and new features. The newest update also broke the app even more and made the layout confusing. All you needed to do was fix it and innovate, baffling.	bug report
Nice application talking to youtuber	irrelevant information
PLEASE just go back to the old layout. Everyone I've ever talked to all agree the new version is the clunkiest most complicated version of discord ever made. Everything is so much harder now, i tried giving it a fair chance by using it to see if i get used to the massive changes but no there is absolutely no way i can get used to this awful layout.	feature request
Newest update is a downgrade, please roll it back	bug report
Don't order physical sim card. It is scam. Sim card doesn't work. It is confirmed by their customer service.	irrelevant information
I never made onecall bit said o used all the ftee minutes. They steal your wifi then get you to pay to use this service. This isnot an honest service.	irrelevant information
If the app is closed you can't answer the phone	bug report
Makes game freeze all the time	bug report
Takes to long to load after new update and notifications dont always come through	bug report
Extremely difficult to get help. Sent money to the wrong account. Can't get refund. Horrible customer service	bug report
the new user name thing is just annoying, the numbers were already hard enough to remember and I don't want to change my user to something "special", the numbers should've been enough.	feature request
Hey i didn't try the app but it have problem it just something going on here bug it just keeping showing up i do everything to remove it but it never be gone pls remove the bug y making discord more worse that even	bug report
Excellent communication tool for our group!!!	irrelevant information
Been using this app for awhile. Randomly today my account was ban due to violation. Not sure exactly what happened, hoping this was a mistake . An appeal for the ban has been filed. Hopefully this gets resolved .	bug report
I appreciate this app because I can text and call my friends, family, and loved ones on it. Kinda slow and the adds are annoying but, it's fine cause it doesn't get in the way.	irrelevant information
It Lets Me Call && Text Who I Want ! ;)	irrelevant information
So far so good it's working well for myself now.....thank you text now..	irrelevant information
it is very frustrating 2 not B able 2 get verification codes sent 2 this #	bug report
Im having trouble with getting notifications recently. Normally I have no problems but it's a pain to find out my friends send things and I'm just not seeing them till much later :/	bug report
bad as compared to other app used on the same network or connection	irrelevant information
Logged out once. Can't log back in. Just says loading for hours.	bug report
can't figure out how to use soundboard on mobile	bug report
reopen/restart your status shows online... So you can t hide anymore the	bug report
Ignorant customer service. Impossible to use their help page to get in touch with someone and ultimately left helpless. They wont remove a number from your account even after having cancelled their subscription and the number was ported over to another company, leaving the customer without a working phone number for at least one month.	bug report
it is helpful for every business	irrelevant information
sometimes cuts out when on the phone but overall pretty good.	bug report
We use it cause we have to.	irrelevant information
Elon bhaiya online show nhi hota 😔	irrelevant information
I only use it when my phone service goes out	irrelevant information
Was amazing until the newest update, with the newest update it looks like a drake and Josh episode with calls/ FaceTime, kinda ruined the app for me not gonna lie	bug report
Great app for group chats and voice chats for gaming, but each update seems to make the app worse rather than better	feature request
Very good for chatting with friends and more and I really enjoy all of it at once.	irrelevant information
Love this app, so handy for gaming, work and l9ng distance friends	irrelevant information
All round terrible app. freezes and crashes during calls. Calls drop all the time despite being connected to super fast internet. Don't even touch this garbage app. Pretty much useless. The problems with calls still haven't been fixed. Texting though seems to work okay.	bug report
So far so good oh sooo private. It's really nice.	irrelevant information
Terrible ...never loads why have the facebook button and never works?! I hate it.  I get texts 1-6 hours after the ppl send them	bug report
Idc what yall say the new Ui update is good	irrelevant information
Would be a lot better if you could delete items out of the gallery, please add this function or tell me how to do it.	feature request
I use a Google pixel 6 and recently I've been completely unable to send photos or videos of any kind through discord. I've tried multiple different settings, tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, and even checking to see if it's an issue with the server or friends. Nothing is working and not only that the app also doesn't open correctly half the time with channels being completely missing and the app not updating until I close and reopen it. It's becoming more and more stressful to use.	bug report
Use this great app as my main way of calling since my stupid phone won't make calls anymore. Even when it did, I always got the, "You are roaming," garbage. Not with this app!! Thank you for a great app that has allowed me to keep my old phone awhile longer!!!	feature request
I've been having issues getting the app work on my phone..even though I uninstall and download another one every time	bug report
If your trying to make discord better for me then remove the new layout and replace it with the old one	feature request
Decent applivati ok n when not having any service on mobile device.	irrelevant information
Good 👍 amazing and nice	irrelevant information
make the interface the old one again, new one sucks	feature request
Good calls	irrelevant information
Is there any way I couldplease go back to the last update? The older camera interface was nice and simple to work with.	feature request
it helps a lot...thank you text now	irrelevant information
Still takes up too much memory on my phone but I'm required to install this app on it for work against my will. Will 100% uninstall when I'm given the option.	irrelevant information
I'm having problems with my signal account i can't receive code on my signal number	bug report
This app is perfect for me because I'm home (wifi access) most of the time. No trouble sending or receiving calls or text. Would recommend! I was unable to use a sim card though.. no slot for it in my phone.	irrelevant information
Can probably use an update on navg.tools & settings- otherwise it's good with it's value-added &quality; + is easy to use & affordable 🙃	irrelevant information
The layout is trash, please go back 😭	feature request
I love this app because I make a lot of friends with the help of discord love you discord makes	irrelevant information
Works well at first but then throughout the call breaks up	bug report
number in India and I get a message saying message cannot be delivered to	bug report
Don't love it but don't hate it.	irrelevant information
This app sucks it only works when it wants any time I try to make a call it gives me an error and says no signal I've tried uninstalling and re installing the app but still no luck I've even tried restarting my device and I got the same message DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP ITS A WASTE OF TIME AND STORAGE SIMPLY TRASH If there was a negative star option I would have chosen it	bug report
Won't let me send my messages, and randomly deletes all my group chats. I like this app a lot, but it's having some serious issues right now. FIX IMMEDIATELY	bug report
Great way to keep up with people!	irrelevant information
Works for calling texting but always messes with up my phone. It freezes it from time to time where it's really aannoying	bug report
App freezes or is slow to respond to input. Shockingly bad	bug report
Had this app for 8 years and now it wants to lock me out	bug report
I can't view any of my servers. All I see is "NO TEXT CHANNELS"	bug report
Worst app ever I tried to text and call my friend and I couldn't because of it I hate it and I got a new app now and it's free i don't have to pay a dime so sorry.	bug report
I can't upload pics to the group like everyone else can and now I have a message failed to send in red that I can't get to go away in my inbox. it's great that you can add people without having to start a new thread with cell phone. just not a fan of the app.	bug report
EDIT: It got better. Microphone works half the time.	bug report
It has beeN so good for me and both daughters for texting her cheer team and her coach	irrelevant information
Requests to rate very annoying...	irrelevant information
New look is 🔥 Looks a cleaner and seems very smooth. Very well done. So far haven't had any app issues.	irrelevant information
I'm not sure what's happened with their recent updates but it's impossible to understand anyone when you make a phone call (even on WIFI). App worked great last year.	bug report
I couldn't even sign in... Awful	bug report
I think WhatsApp has a  better voice quality.	irrelevant information
Can't say I'm a fan of the new mobile UI.	feature request
Just deleted every text I had and all my pictures on it's own. I officially hate signal now.	bug report
0 star rating I want to give it is not taking my ID and showing that are a robot	bug report
Hello i delete this app but I download it again my email&password is correct but it said that my email can't be found.. Please fix this..	bug report
Very convenient but a little glitchy	bug report
Excellent for our team to keep in touch and to supportt I each other Excellent.	irrelevant information
this is why I'm going into broadcasting so lazy scumbags like you can't just operate a schizo autistic website with poor response times like skipping or freezing screen, password stops working there is no illicit activity in my account TextNow just dropped the ball on my login and won't SEND the rest email. I have a job interview to call and schedule at 10:30. it's 10:24. thanks for nothing.	bug report
Some toll free numbers are not being accepted🤔	bug report
When I started texting and calling my friend it said I violated even though all the ads said that you can call and text your friends but I would definitely not recommend this app for yourself 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕	bug report
It's not allowing me to change my number and the support team has not	bug report
Great sound. The only issue is to have a 3 way call for an important conference. I think that option should be easy to use.	feature request
You have to pay to start do not install	irrelevant information
Perfect it has done everything i have needed it for!perfectly	irrelevant information
Free sticker	irrelevant information
You can make call for free you don't have to pay for your calls or anything you could text call you barely get no ads it's just it's just awesome	irrelevant information
mobile app looks like the worst combo of skype and fb messaging	feature request
My text messages are not being sent all the way through to who I'm texting. What give?	bug report
Perfect way to talk to your partner	irrelevant information
Discord is getting better but please stop releasing updates that aren't being properly tested with newer Android and ios updates	bug report
Always have a black screen before loading my messages and again when I click on the number need more update less ads	bug report
Well I believe there's 13 love us that the share this page almost 10 months now. I think we all written 700-page book by now. A great source of communication.	irrelevant information
I can receive texts but can't send them. Calls are bad. The other person hears echoing, calls drop. My signal is great. I'd give 5 stars if I didn't have these issues. Please fix, if possible. Thanks!	bug report
It's good but last seen option is needed.....	feature request
It seems like every new update is meant to make the app worse. The newest format is simply awful and off putting. If I didn't use discord as a main form of contact I'd uninstall the app. Its extremely inconvenient and laggy. The dark mode looks more navy than black, but the "midnight" is too dark and makes the fonts look too vibrant and harsh. It's unappealing aesthetically, and it is just a major downgrade. I really like discord so this update is extra disappointing.	feature request
Upon joining any group, we don't have privacy to hide our number. Random unknown people started calling me after joining groups. It's not safe.	bug report
All free texting apps suck. I have tried them all. Free what do you expect. Useless for teenagers *****	irrelevant information
what's with the endless urge to rework the UI?	feature request
Can't get the app to work at all.	bug report
can not hear during calls much of the time much much of the time	bug report
App is nice but after update 210.10 it starts laging so please fix it	bug report
It's really useful for me so I can talk 2 my frends	irrelevant information
Love this app much easier to use speech to text than with any other app i've ever used	feature request
The new UI is really bad. I have tried to get used to it, but it's just an unfamiliar. unintuitive design that is not consistant with other platforms. At least give users the option to use the old layout. TLDR; Don't "fix" a UI that was never broken.	feature request
Does not work on device charged any. It a scam	bug report
Every time I want to text it kicks me out.	bug report
Very good app. Easy to sign up for. Extremely user-friendly.	irrelevant information
Lately textnow has been crashing a lot. It really sucks because it used to be great.	bug report
Every thing works fine	irrelevant information
Can anyone tell me why ppl arent getting my txts but can txt me? Great app idea but wants it to work. :(	bug report
The new layout is pretty bad. Chats are too small and notifications for unmuted chats are still inconsistent and disappearing. They'll never address the real issues with the app. If my friends weren't already on here I would've deleted this app years ago.	bug report
It keeps changing my phone number!!! SMH	bug report
The new UI is a downgrade in terms of quality. It's bloated, slow and unintuitive. The mobile app updates have been a consistent step in the wrong direction for a while.	feature request
Pretty good mobile version of the desktop app, no crashes or bugs that I have seen. Only gripe is that audio quality is dependent on the phone used and phones just sound worse than mic on a headset or dedicated microphone.	irrelevant information
App is great for FB style, small group communication. I'm disappointed, that there doesn't seem to be a way to delete old msgs. All of the private & public msgs, seem to stay forever. You can hide them from your view. But I haven't found a way to delete them and regain phone space.	feature request
Please stop doing those UI upgrades, you're actually just making things worse. It's not even a matter of people being used to one design, new UIs tend to be more clunky and require more maneuevers to get around with. They're also less intuitive. This poor "update" trend has been going on for a while while in reality UI changes rarely ever make things better.	feature request
Takes a day or more to receive messages and pics.	bug report
A great app, but it's definitely missing some features that PC has. One example is the ability to preview mp3 files, on mobile you have to download it before you play it. Which is sketchy 🙄	feature request
I don't like the update where the username has to be changes I loved my old username and now it's just plain and simple I hate it so much	feature request
Wow it really so good	irrelevant information
Safest more than every app✌✌✌	irrelevant information
I don't like that I can't delete message	feature request
Cool app but it is not leting me call any one please fix it	bug report
It should not be necessary to have the app on a smartphone in order to run it on a Windows PC. That is just asinine! Not everybody in the world is using smartphones yet	feature request
Becuase like the app it only lets you call and text people if you hace wifi	feature request
The new layout for the app is atrocious. It may just qualify as a war crime. Please put it back. I'm actually begging you. The swipe to reply is annoying, and the organization feels forced. It feels like you are trying to copy other platforms, but it did not turn out well. I loved the app prior to this update.	feature request
Does voice calls and video calls are end to end encrypted too in signal? If yes then you should mention that in the app like WhatsApp.... Other than that.. everything is perfect.. Btw answer the above question..	feature request
Only issue can't answer incoming calls	bug report
Each DAMN time anyone sends me a message, my phone turns off its screen automatically as if it got possessed. I turned on the screen and it turns itself off again. No problem with other apps, but whenever I receive a signal message, it's f**king possessed. Hope the update can cure this.	bug report
It stops sending messages to people who don't reply to the initial message (if they don't have the app), which sucks because you want everyone in that group to still be able to communicate even if they don't want to reply to the initial text.	feature request
Can't use it in other apps	bug report
It kind of complicated	irrelevant information
Trying to buy Skype credit for phone calls using a new card was very unintuitive.	feature request
Experience has been positive.	irrelevant information
New layout is worse, harder to use and SLOW. I pay this platform and have no voice. Cringe	bug report
There is no option for mute all. there is no option to view participant video like zoom app. these two features required very much to have very good and smooth online meeting.	feature request
For weeks now I've been unable to send voice messages after recording it disappears. I updated and reset all settings still unable to send voice messages after recording. So annoying and disturbing.	bug report
Bring back the old update please .I cant see who's online anymore and i hate the notification sound and it looks like Snapchat. I really enjoyed using Skype before the update mabey you could add the feature to go back like you did for the computer version??	feature request
Pretty easy to use. Haven't used the app much yet.	irrelevant information
Video calling quantity is not good	bug report
Keeps glitch everyone out.	bug report
Best place to chat and play games with your friends but it will be nice if we get to switch accounts on phone	feature request
receiving incoming call. For outgoing call, the receiving end receive	bug report
Free calling doesn't work at all over wifi	bug report
the new layout is annoying to navigate	feature request
Super 😊 Timing was great	irrelevant information
Although it's easy to use and you only have to invite people one time to call them for free, it lacks luster. Skype acts like video calling is new technology. All I want is to video call with filters and fun features as I was able to do with Google duo before it became the mess of Google meet	feature request
New UI update made it so that the search function in DMs, which I use fairly often, now automatically searches for media instead of text. When you tap over to the text tab, it only finds messages from the other person, not any messages I sent with the searched text in them.	feature request
It worked mostly for a while but one day when I opened it my number was gone and I lost all the numbers I had and everything I try to fix it doesn't work it only has two screens it shows me and those are the finding you number things but I can't type in my old number pls help me out	bug report
I have rated this 4 star bcz I tried to delete my account and my account is deleted but when I try to create account from same email i can't make another account 😭	bug report
u566 in your 6yhgytgyyyýyyyyygggg the best you could have done it for yourself if I wanted it goes 000well 00in 00the right 00000000000000000 or text to try 66	irrelevant information
Good easy to use the skype	irrelevant information
The new mobile layout is a glitchy, inaccessible, and visually unappealing mess. The app is worse in just about every way- did you like keeping your friend's stream open in a cute little window while you went to check another tab? Sucks, because that feature is gone now. Open a channel and it'll display the contents of a different one with no fix besides closing and reopening. The search feature is useless even when it isn't glitching. This update is a slap in the face to long-time users.	bug report
No nonsense and worki.ng as expected	irrelevant information
It's unusably slow since the most recent update. Can't send messages anymore, lags out, crashes. It's without a doubt the worst update I've ever seen. There's no option to revert the change. Not hotfixes or info from the devs released. Address the problems in your development. Stop forcing unrevertable updates.	bug report
Rating would be a 5...if it actually refreshed/notified me of messages!! Plus the keyboard doesn't want to stay open...this is very frustrating! Please fix!!!	bug report
Dykia ferrell I the going ones be make a feel	irrelevant information
Having problems with posting	bug report
It is a good app as compair to Whatsapp because SIGNAL app secure our personal data and I personally appreciate to it's developer thank you for securing us ♥️	irrelevant information
Useless, fails to find a number.	bug report
Was really good. I was able to make calls to the US for free on my 4G LTE+ network. Now it will only connect while on wifi. I had this problem a couple of weeks ago and reinstalled app and it worked. This time after seversl attempts nothing is working. At least I can still text. Was a 5* app. Please fix.	bug report
Its sometimes glitchy but it's ok	bug report
Pretty good but I find it weird that you can't change the theme.  It's too bright at 3am	feature request
I think there needs to be a setting that allows the user to turn off notifications for every text, but periodically let's them know there's been activity.	feature request
Freezes constantly, to the point it is literally unusable. Very disappointing. I hope this is addressed in an update soon.	bug report
this new update ruins discord it was unessisary and unwanted nobody likes this garbage	feature request
The app would just suddenly stop working I'd have to uninstall and reinstall it before I can be able to use it for another short period of time	bug report
this app "lags". 3-5 second lag to be exact	bug report
Great app. Occasional issues and slight interface improvements would be good, but excellent overall. Easy way to pull phone numbers or emails would be greatly appreciated.	feature request
New UI is horrible and keeps glitching out on me, please go back to the old version.	bug report
Good still need help with my internet	irrelevant information
this app would get five stars if the notifications would stop going out. we have to keep starting new groups to get the notifications back.	bug report
Very good but mine is not add new people again	feature request
wont let me access settings and im trying to get help from support but they dont seem to be listening.	bug report
AMAZING 😍😍 the best if not one of the most life changes mobile apps📲 This generation sure does have a great future with applications like these!🤟	irrelevant information
kinda but it messes up my phone so it kinda bad	bug report
This app is great. I can text people very effently. But calling is not. First off you need minutes to call which in my opion sucks. Second all my friend get echo when they call me and fhey hate. They told me that it only happens on this app. So if you are texting (which is what Ido) this app is great for you. If you mostly call do not get this app. I rate it 4 stars because I do not get too many ads from it and I am more use to texting than calling.	feature request
They have removed SMS support	feature request
Groupme refuses to send me notifications when I get messages, and to see if I have anything, I have to go into the app and manually refresh to check for messages. As my primary texting app, this is unbelievably frustrating, and this needs to be fixed.	bug report
Overall good but has way too many ads and the I did experience some issues when trying to make a call	bug report
Doesn't work on the new Google pixel 8 pro :/	bug report
Textnow has always been good for me no problems at all and I'm glad to have found this app also I would highl recommend this app because you get it all for free to call us text whatever you need gives you choices of phone numbers that you get to choose	irrelevant information
Been happening more and more lately where the app will just crash, then tell me it has a bug and needs to be updated. Updated and still won't load any other channels or chats than the one it crashed on	bug report
the new ui is awful. gotta love how instead of listening to their community about unnecessarily changing things they just double down and insist that you either get used to the update or delete your account altogether. also gotta love how they're trying to make the ratings for this app go back up by faking 5 star reviews.	feature request
This app is great, BUT the latest change was absolutely horrendous. Among the reorganizing of things in a way that isn't fun to browse, it's a bug-ridden mess that drives me mad. I tried to send a meme to one channel and it instead sent it to my latest DM! Horrible experience. I'll update this if they ever revert.	bug report
Keeps the team connected	irrelevant information
So many bugs and problems. Many times it won't let me send videos, it would ask me to retry sending videos but it would never work. Notifications are not stable. Sometimes you get notified sometimes you don't. Only using this app because people in the US uses this	bug report
Very good communication app! The only thing is it says 17+ when in my opinion it should be 13+ but very good app and am happy with it	feature request
The phone version is very lag	bug report
Its a great tool and i highly recommend people start using it rather than using other messaging platform. However the users are really less i think more people should adopt the signal seeing the privacy it offers	feature request
Overall it works better than group text features on most phones that limit how many people can be in a group. I'm really getting annoyed with the difficulty to upload pictures/videos and messages. Frequent time outs/failures etc. Not getting notifications about new messages even though the setting is to receive them.	bug report
full of waist of time useless app	irrelevant information
I can't make out calls, please fix this it's my only life line to make calls	bug report
Very friendly support and great app	irrelevant information
WHY DOES THIS KEEP HANGING UP MY PHONE CALLS AFTER LITERALLY ONE MINUTE...THIS IS RIDICULOUS. I HAD A RANDOM PHONE INTERVIEW AND IT HUNG UP A MINUTE LATER....DO YOU THINK I GOT THE JOB. THANKS FOR THE LOUSY HALF ASSED SERVICE!!!!!!! SO FN UPSET! PERIOD.	bug report
HOW DO YOU RESET THE PROFILE BANNER?????	feature request
Please do not remove SMS support. Edit: they did. Please bring it back	feature request
It's a good app for what it is	irrelevant information
I don't have service so I don't like that I need to use WIFI to text or call friends. I want this app to do an update and make it that people could do anything without WIFI. Please fix it.!	feature request
The only problem I've had with the app is i get random messages from people while they think I'm someone else its weird but the app works 👍	feature request
Love the calendar and gallery options. Very easy to use and keeps everyone organized. I love the options of being able to reply to a person individually. It's a great app. I use it for softball 🥎 team and games to organize.	feature request
Skype is a hit and miss. Sometimes it works amazing. Sometimes it glitches. I would like to point out that I like the ability to send international txt messages with it, especially when Voice can't do it to that destination. Overall, a positive experience.	feature request
Slow app all	bug report
Disappointed. Not working. It will not let me send or receive texts and calls. I have wifi, and it still doesn't work. I have the correct permissions on and it still won't work. The app used to be good. Now it is worthless to even have.	bug report
Can't get a access my account	bug report
slow to update live messages, at times unresponsive and prone to freezing, doesn't even notify me of new messages sometimes. 2023 - same as it ever was.	bug report
I've been using this app for more than a year now. The problem is I cannot send photos and not notifying me when there is call or message coming. Hoping you will fixed this.	bug report
Image upload speeds have dropped off and the app crashes between me switching to and from it. Has gotten much worse than when I last beta tested this.	bug report
I can't see anything in my app. Everything comes straight to my phone. Help please.....	bug report
I like it more than other apps because it allows me to stay in touch with friends and family in a more private setting. I really dont enjoys social media apps so this is great. Also phone and video calls have usually good sound and video quality.	irrelevant information
Badly optimized	irrelevant information
Over 3 years w Signal. I routinely miss notices for hours until I check the app, and it generates errors when attempting the July 5th update.	bug report
Also pics rarely work, and long text messages get cut off... apparently not split, it'll just not send the recipient the rest of the text. But free is free. And I appreciate having it.	bug report
Please don't mirror the discord camera when we open the camera🥺🥺	feature request
it was all working well until my number "expired" then i got confused then i just gave up	bug report
This app will not push through notifications unless I have it open and running. Drains the battery and makes my phone very hot to the point it shuts down. But it has no issues playing the ads. I paid for a number however my service is still garbage. My internet connection is great so the issue is with the app itself. So I paid for a number only to have it not work unless I open the app and to be told to pay for a premium service. This is not a good free app nor 8s it a good paid one.	bug report
Been lagging all day...buffering and slow emoji loading page.	bug report
Cool App	irrelevant information
Signal Wiped my damn account and i had to start over. So not happy with the service at this point.	bug report
So far so good I 'am observing for now	irrelevant information
You offered add free talk, text, and voice mail for $3.99 then charged my bank on April 6th $3.99 & the 7th $13.64?? NOT COOL!!	bug report
This app is fun to use and I love the way you can make groups and I also love all the things you can do in the servers. Finding new servers to join used to be super easy but it's very difficult now.	feature request
good app! just took almost a hour to download	irrelevant information
Discord is a decent messaging and communication service, but it is incredibly sluggish, laggy and buggy. It lacks support for audio files on mobile, and it lacks support for mkv and webm video. The mobile app has terrible performance with constant fps drops. If you want a communication service, this is ok but reconsider.	bug report
I would have given this app five stars because I've used this app for a long time multiple times the only reason why I won't give it five stars it's because the other end of my calls complain of an echo during phone calls, I can't complain about the price of the minutes, and I can't complain about how the app goes about it's operation, it's a great app for people to have a second number for business or privacy.	bug report
It will become worthless when they shut down sms support. I'm not going to use two different apps. Such a poor decision.	feature request
Not helpful	bug report
I've never had any trouble with it	irrelevant information
Perfect for what I need! I would love it if I could edit my text after I sent it, but I haven't been able to find that.	feature request
I think the disocrd app is good but the new UI is terrible	feature request
Recordings are not opening properly.	bug report
Sorry , Signal , but not being able to receive/send messages to non signal doesn't work for me .	feature request
It's a phone text talk for my tablet app	irrelevant information
Terrible app. Texting works fine, but now with the new update, I can't make calls at all. No matter what I try, running a VPN, switching networks, etc. Always says something went wrong. Also means I can't answer calls.	bug report
Anything musk does is great	irrelevant information
Great to use in between phone bills when going through tough times!🤗😊	irrelevant information
🥺🥺🥺 PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE, I JUST DID THE LAST 2 UPDATES SKYPE IS STILL FREEZING & LAGGING ITS LIKE EVERY MESSAGE STICKS BEFORE IT PROCEEDS TO SEND THIS IS A CONSTANT PROBLEM THAT NEVER GETS FIXED WITH EVERY UPDATE PLEASE, CORRECT THESE ISSUES SO THE APP WILL RUN SMOOTHLY WOULD GREATLY APPRECIATE IT 🥺🥺🥺 LONG PRESS FOR EMOJI REACTION DOES NOT WORK AT ALL NO SURPRISE --- I HAVE BEEN REQUESTING FOR SKYPE TO CORRECT THEIR ISSUES FOR A LONG TIME 🥺🥺NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING IS WORKING PROPERLY	bug report
Set up a shared group for family. Calendars useful but no monthly view??	feature request
Keeps the family and I informed of happening with a quick write any time of day.	irrelevant information
As soon as SMS is gone, I am too.	feature request
If I can give a negative star I would the app says use location or type in area code says can't be displayed try area code again and then I had to force stop the app couldn't continue why offer free text app but can't even get pass the area code button first	bug report
THIS NEW UPDATE IS TRASH	bug report
It doesn't show notification when someone is calling or sending message	bug report
I have used Text Now for YEARS.. I absolutely love that it's "free". But, for the past two month's, it has been giving me problems. When I try to delete my text/call log. It says there has been an error. It won't let me delete anything. Which is annoying because I like to keep my texting and calling apps clean.	bug report
Text now was good back in the day but now charging 9.99/week what a sad state for an app the only thing that bought me was a locked number for a week and no ads I still can't receive verification codes which it does I should but I cant so if I dont get a full refund and then some cause where do you people think it's even remotely fair to charge people $50 a month for a phone number that isnt even a registered number still has ads time to look into a class action lawsuit here	bug report
I have to pay to get a verification code? Are you guys for real?	bug report
It is OK just the calls are laggy	bug report
A great way to share your thoughts with your friends	irrelevant information
I liked discord, I talk to all my friends on it, people hate on it but I liked it, NOW the new UI made me dislike this app. It's pointless to change it and the new one looks and is bad. i saw discord got an update and I thought, "Oh that's why my discord has been acting weird." No it wasn't, I regret updating. Discord I know you probably won't listen but for the love of god, change the UI back, or better yet, make an option to switch between the new one and the old one.	feature request
I didn't think it would work the way it does ... The truth !	irrelevant information
I love text now I've been using it for a long time I misplaced the SIM card that you sent me because I moved and I just found it and went to use it and the number was given away (779) 232	irrelevant information
I love being able to keep in touch with my sisters in one group chat!!!	irrelevant information
I crash every 0.1 sec	bug report
Well I don't know what's going on but it was just fine a day ago and now it won't let me access it and keeps forseclosing me out of the application. I've cleared my cache and unitstalled it and reinstalled it. Still happening. I guess I'll wait it out for now. Hope it gets fixed unless its my phone.	bug report
They clearly don't teach about the 'new coke' fiasco anymore. Not just bad, inefficient changes as well far more effort needed to do the same actions, some seem to be gone such as mobile push to talk. If I could give 0 stars I would.	bug report
The emails never work and what do I do now instructions	bug report
Totall competency private messaging. Fool proof for hypersensitive information getting from point A to point B Undetected and uncompromised.	feature request
it is so bad I'm trying to verify my phone number but it is not working	bug report
It doesn't let me use my area code and when Im sharing my location it should know that my area code is right.	bug report
Want let me make calls or receive them neighter	bug report
I don't rate apps, but this issue needs addressing. When I have to enable the SMS setting to get the notifications and messages to appear in the stand-alone app I find myself questioning if I need the stand-alone app. It use to work flawlessly but now it leaves much to be desired Pixel 3	bug report
Well was good till today 5*. Works on phone still but when I tap smiley in input area the gifs emoji come up. But if I touch they disappear. It just suddenly happened. The app still works on phone but not tablet. I think maybe it broke something in my version of Android. Sent in an email to support. Edit, Uninstall and installs did not fix. Just waited. Fixed itself. But now they keyboard won't go away without taping top of screen. But at least it works.	bug report
Can't make phone call anymore	bug report
Video call quality is too poor.... Need to improve it... And signal take high data on video call time	bug report
Really good! Aswel as reliable.	irrelevant information
Only receiving calls when I'm on the app, not like if I'm using anything else or doing something else. I don't know if that's a thing that's supposed to happen or??	bug report
Few minutes after closing the app. It stops running in the background. Then why do smartphones have a notification system in the first place? To prevent us from manually checking for updates, obviously!	bug report
Works pretty well. Could be improved.	irrelevant information
really good I enjoy it.	irrelevant information
I would give it 5 stars but when i make calls and receive them niether one can hear each other. I purchased minutes for nothing hopefully this can be fixed. Besides that the texting part of the app is awesome but thats ok because its free as well.	bug report
Love it and the security.	irrelevant information
text now drop's slot of phone calls	bug report
It's a great app I ever seen because it's free I hope this app always be free to call when it will come premium I will give 2 or 1 star in rating and I will give comment badly	feature request
I've been trying to get my number back that I paid for through this app since I have a new phone and they tell me not possible.... All of my accounts are backed up to this phone number!!!!!!	bug report
I can't use it it already came in my time tab that's why I am reviewing it	bug report
For some time I've been having trouble with the app not sending/receiving messages in a timely manner.	bug report
There's one issue where my phone screen goes to black and then normal when I try to move the display over other apps thing, but other than that it's great	bug report
Worthless now can't use to get verification codes	bug report
Won't link to any groups, even when invited.	bug report
Quite stable but wishing pixel adaptive icon can be added to the next update	feature request
This app is full of wastes... It is harm for muslims... Now you can see the power of Muslim country 😈👿😈👿	irrelevant information
Dreadful. The worst app I ever used. Crashes, hangs, stalls, ages to load. No wonder Microsoft is dumping it.	bug report
Good alternative to avoid Meta tracking. Working fine from many years.	irrelevant information
I keep having stupid connection issues. When it was working the day before and every other app is working, I usually love it but now its just poor. I would like some feedback	bug report
@Skype took off mute button for notification. Android 4.3 @Skype fix these	bug report
So far it does what it says it does. Not elegant. Sometimes annoying with the notifications when it gets used a lot. Digest mode perhaps?	feature request
It's useless idk my password or I forgot it this is my mom's old phone soo idk her password only her email. So don't get it if you don't know you password or email. Ps ♡ Fix Dat -Whitney Stephens	bug report
It says the max file size without nitro is 8MB. I've reduced files to as low as 4.4MB and discord still will not let me send them, and I'm unable to find any way to send bug reports through the app. Going to Support on on your profile page just leads to a white screen with an error message. I used to have no issue with these things, could you please either fix this or be more clear about the length of the video or something?	bug report
wouldnt let me message people outside of my country. have no use for it then	bug report
Pretty good app. Use it for church group chats. Kinda buggy but whatever	irrelevant information
Love that it's free (with wifi), hate all the ads.	irrelevant information
Whoever approved of the latest update, fire them.	irrelevant information
I can't see myself through the camera when using Skype, when video chatting with someone else. The other party can see me, but on my side the camera display is black.	bug report
Discords alright the mobile version just needs more optimization	feature request
I'm reducing my rating from 5 to 3 stars because my default availability status keeps resetting, maybe when the app is updated. I shouldn't have to repeatedly get online and become visible to reset to invisible! Otherwise works very well for me, though I use it only to talk to others who have Skype. very good audio quality. fairly intuitive interface.	bug report
For work. Never got itcto work correctly.	bug report
The BEST	irrelevant information
No incoming ring tone when ppl call you	bug report
The UI is buggier than ever. The icons don't want to load up anymore. Lots of unresponsiveness and crashes. And all of that, because the company wanted to use half the effort by lazily converting their iOS app to Android. No amount of updates can fix that. Edit: And here I thought it couldn't get worse.	bug report
If I try to call someone the screen goes black	bug report
I cant log in because of the "are you human" even though my password is right	bug report
i can never watch or stream camera as it always shows me "unstable internet connection" ive done everything to try and fix it but it doesnt want to, im moving to other platforms.	bug report
New update is clunky and not user friendly ... sometimes, servers don't even load in while on server tab.	bug report
I've had issues with 'failed send' messages up to three days after sending the message. It would be good to know a little sooner.	bug report
Wouldn't even load	bug report
Great app. Reliay is super!	irrelevant information
Been using this app for years. Great for business.	irrelevant information
Can't sign in. After verification always tells too many attempt?? Why??	bug report
Lots of spam calls	irrelevant information
so far horrible.	irrelevant information
wish I could get my old account back that has 2fa without the phone with all the codes	bug report
It's a good app,but you've to fix the code PIN issue!! When I tape it, the app says it is wrong!!!! 😤	bug report
It appears I am unable to make outgoing calls using the number that has been issued to me. My personal cell number shows up on each outgoing call & text. I haven't able  figure out if I did something wrong or its based on an update. I sent a message to support, but have not received a response as yet. This is the first time I have had this problem since installing the app. I have been a happy customer in the past.	bug report
I was never able to sign up, just an error message.	bug report
I've had to cancel my nitro because this app is now so SLOW that I can barely use it anymore. There are also issues with pictures being sent to the WRONG PLACES which can be super embarrassing!!! please discord, give us the option to revert back!	bug report
you should be able to get verification messages without being charged	feature request
Works well most of the time. With the whole world online, the internet can get a bit overloaded but I'm not complaining; it's just great to be able to see friends across the other side of the world and chat with relative ease. Still working well most of the time, pandemics permitting.	irrelevant information
I like skpe thanks so good to be able to talk to people.	irrelevant information
Current version hangs upon what channel it is on and must be swiped away closed and reopened to correct.	bug report
lagging interface makes usability a challenge. Skype to phone call quality surprisingly good	bug report
I was using Text Free as a paying customer and was pleased, but it suddenly stopped working, calls and texts, inbound and outbound. No support! I emailed them with no response back, not even an auto-reply! So, suddenly, everyone I know that I had given the number to can't reach me, and the number is useless. I just emailed them again. If this review is still here, they didn't help me at all.	bug report
Not able to delete chats. Should be able to get rid of old ones that are no longer relevant.	feature request
Constantly drops calls or cant reach the targeted phone number 50% of the time. Good when you're in a pinch but considering I've paid for a subscription I will not be renewing. Unreliable	bug report
This app has really saved my life	irrelevant information
Great!! I use discord everyday and have no problem with it	irrelevant information
Need to be able to change text size an notification sound	feature request
Itll give me notifications of some dumb ads but when I get a text it doesn't say anything Plus a long time ago I paid for the ads to be removed and are still there so pinger is on some fake stuff	bug report
This app indeed is amazing..but after updating it doesnt works properly nd i have trouble with vc..it's just annoying but overall app gud!!	bug report
Was working fine before however I have no icons for the buttons for the last few days. Everything is blank but it works when I press on it. Tried clearing the cache and reinstalling but still no luck.	bug report
Please please stop moving buttons around. It's messing with my autism so badly. I need swipe to reply back please just make it a toggle button in settings???	feature request
Use to be amazing but I got 2 accounts banned for sending pics it was mistaken as spam when I tried to resolve the issue of course no answer so I made a whole different account mind you I pay for the subscription the new account won't let me use the paid for features 🙃 😅 no matter how many times I cancel and re-subscribe	bug report
The WORST APP EVER	bug report
I cant subscribe to get rid of the ads because it wont accept none of my payments. Customer service said nothing is blocking me and my bank said the same, but I continue to get error msg's, on all my payments methods	bug report
I'm having issues about the lags on the thread pages with high-quality GIFs. Everytime I searched some items on the thread channel, it lags really hard since they put High-quality GIFs. Please fix this issue because it's annoying.	bug report
The text works perfect but when someone calls it comes across a lil statically and sometimes the person has to call a few times before it goes threw and so i gave it a 3 stars not so bad but not so good either so i would say its a fair app	bug report
Why this app asks for mobile number	feature request
My time is always wrong!	bug report
App is awful on mobile, changed the AI and made it so much worse, a lot of times the bottom of the screen goes into the buttons at the bottom of the phone, so you have to close the app and reopen it to select your messages, so bad	bug report
they make too many useless and unnecessary changes, like changing the color of the mute button for example ( it confused the hell out of me, won't go into it ), but, other than that, it's fine. make servers for communities ( don't be weird ) or just straight up use it as a texting app.	feature request
Best app for talking to my friends, but come on discord. Stop adding silly features and fix the bugs! Please make links work in bio's like they used to and please fix all the message sending and visual bugs with discord mobile.	feature request
You gotta pay for it after 30 minutes or something b.s. app	irrelevant information
its ok i have the paid version, cheaper than text now and so far so good	irrelevant information
my number.?	irrelevant information
It broke up sometime people can hear me the hung up button gtes stuck and it sounds like a eaco	bug report
It's a good app to meet some interesting people becareful most want cards for there time. I understand they need to make money. I bought 5 cards I've give the first three lady's the numbers never heard from them again two cards left I pay for a woman's time and to meet up there is good hearted women that use this app and will send good videos for free to show you how good they are and I'm easy guy but when any woman start lying to me I'm out.	irrelevant information
important messages anymore. And I am required to be in it with no ability	feature request
crashed on pixel 7 android 14 beta	bug report
works most of the time only problem is not being able to make calls from some public wifi	bug report
Bro the new update is lame it's confusing ASF I don't like it I've used this for a long time and now it sucks but	bug report
I will now have to find another app such as this that will use SMS. That is the only reason I downloaded this app. Plus everyone else that I had download it. What a shame.	irrelevant information
It don't let you know when you have pics/ txtx when app is not open. And you can't send pictures to some numbers	bug report
I like it for the texting but for calling your only allowed a hour credit time. It should be unlimited if I am using my wifi	feature request
UPDATE: This is still happening.*** Signal is now deliberately delaying messages/notifications sent by people who didn't "donate", which I'm pretty sure qualifies as extortion. It has gone so far downhill in the last few months that I cannot in good conscience recommend ever downloading it, unless you'd also like to get your messages 3 to 24 hours late.	bug report
With each year the app is more and more broken	bug report
Very nice app ...but most of the time I join the group links but keep on saying pending why please?	bug report
Wanted to create a new account cause i have forgetten my username or password but they keep referring me to the same page over and over again.	bug report
the app should notify you before you lose your number	feature request
When I try to get a verification code. It doesn't show me . I also tried 15 already and happened .	bug report
Therippier-org	irrelevant information
Great communication for work groups. Would give 5 stars, but 3/5 pics that are posted to the chat need to be re-submitted. Sometimes you have to delete the message/pic entirely, and reupload instead of pressing "try again", before it will post, annoying.	bug report
Far from free. Packed with overwhelming ads, even on the paid version there are still TONS of ads. Not sure what is being paid for since the free service gives you the same as paid, ads and all. Been using this service on the side for many years and only the price has gone up, not the app or service.	irrelevant information
If you're going to bombard users with obnoxious ads then dont make them sign up. Downloaded, opened, UNINSTALLED app. Not giving you my info for you to make even more money by selling my habits, location, etc... AND make money on top if that by cramming ads down my throat. 2nd fastest uninstall I've ever done	bug report
Good to communicate but Band app better for sharing pics or organizing events etc	irrelevant information
So far it seemed to be working fine for a free app. Sometime the call quality is not very good. My called keep cutting in and out and voice not very clear and hearing a lot of static and echo like in on speaker but hey it's free.	bug report
New update themes aren't eye friendly	feature request
Discord is help full but I can't get any help My AML check failed. I'm requesting them to give me a solution but they don't do anything	feature request
I havent been able to make calls or receive them and when i do it drops all the time and now theres no more answering service...wow your foing the wrong way to keep ppl interested in this app but i have no problems with texting.	bug report
So far it's great, no lG, and it's seems very private	irrelevant information
Revert back to the old view, where each person's circle is it's own solid color, and THEIR TEXT, NOT MINE, is highlighted in that color. We should at least have the option to configure this ourselves if you insist on forcing a design overhaul on everyone. Now you're configuring the app such that I cannot communicate via signal with people who don't have signal? Three goes the one of the main advantages of this app. Great move!	feature request
Using voice on the app is slightly non-intuitive. Also when receiving calls it doesn't make a sound, so they are easy to miss. Otherwise it's not a bad app.	bug report
App works great but can't use WhatsApp in conjunction with it which sucks otherwise great job	feature request
Charged my card even though I canceled WAAAAY before the free trail ended. They are scam...working to get my money back. Not to mention on the card it comes up as a YouTube charge	bug report
Update Feb 2018 - all my chats and contacts have disappeared? This is not good	bug report
The app is so LAME - how can it be 4.5 stars???	irrelevant information
Lacking in features and destroys your battery. Fine otherwise.	feature request
We have been made to the right place at least two weeks before you go for it is the only thing you want a more traditional style and comfort and style from you again and I am not a good time for the network and I have a good idea of what's going to the right place to couples to us in uuuiu days of receipt	irrelevant information
Great way to communicate with fellow volunteers so we are all on the same page.	irrelevant information
New UI is hot garbage	feature request
Recent update made posting media from mobile incredibly slow, even on high speed internet connections.	bug report
Okay here's how to fix that new problem with incoming messages. Open the app-select not now to set up messages-then select don't skip-And then deny permission to access contacts. After I did that all of my messages that it was getting prompts for were then available.	bug report
Got a new phone and tried to setup... asked for the original pin setup and got some msg about cannot contact service. And proceeded to LOCK me out!!! The worst part is it logged me out from ALL OTHER DEVICES!!! So I can't access my Signal at all. Other devices asked me to 'relink'... OK, how can I relink when you locked me out from all my other devices?!? Pretty dumb! This is the case when they try to get clever with security and backfired. Race condition?!? Stop doing all this dumb things!!!	bug report
Your app has been hot garbage, it has been impossible to use since the beginning of the year. I suggest you fix it before everyone abandons it!	bug report
I don't get any notifications on receiving new chats. . .though the notifications are set to ON. . . .ALSO, it take ages to send a single picture, and sometimes even chats . .and after much "retry"ings. . ..PS: my internet works just fine!!!	bug report
Please Help Me I Logan Dekota Astorga AKA Sasha... I my nick nick for I am like Russian to tell you I'm under attack. Please cure all ailments google Voice and Team... Hang in their. 😢	irrelevant information
Good app,would be a 5 star but I am not getting any notifications from any of the chats. Please fix	bug report
Easily to use. Would be nice to chat people directly.	feature request
Its ok. To get another star filler the emoji for the server you're on	irrelevant information
Great App ! .....enough said !	irrelevant information
Slower than before in sharing photos.	bug report
Systems are very confusing	irrelevant information
I love discord it's amazing I have a problem with it thoe why do I gotta use data to call people if I'm connected to my wife and also to upload things fast I got to switch between them sometimes even thoe I'm connected to my wifi	bug report
Broken app doesn't send me notifications and I can't DM people because my app doesn't even recognize that they're in the chat	bug report
thank u skype ,, for videos call	irrelevant information
problem. It's a shame, because I really like groupme but i don't want to	feature request
Better than how it used to be RIGHT???	irrelevant information
This app used to be great the best text app out here.  But now everyday i try to open it it just shuts down by itself. And sometimes i dont get incoming texts for hours after there sent...but dont get me wrong i still love this app its just got these small bugs that needs to be fixed...once they are ill give 5 stars in a flash no question about it.	bug report
Love the app but it would've been wayyy better if there was an option to delete a whole conversation with someone instead of 1 message at a time.	feature request
Awful, lost my credits, can't load any credits, my old phone #is still showing in my profile and can't change.	bug report
You keep having to add people back into the group for no reason	bug report
When I open the app it says I need to update it but there isn't an update on Google play so I'm not sure what's going on	bug report
Quality interface and not buggy.	irrelevant information
I really appreciate your time and I am sure it is the only TextNow app for me to get a hold of the family	irrelevant information
Good for emergency	irrelevant information
Iv completed two things to receive free minutes and still haven't gotten them.	bug report
Its not free tgete constantly trying to get you to upgrade or buy something i mean ecerytime you look at tgere app its an add you have to watch b4 you can use the phone oh but you can pay tgem and tgen they wont put the add in those stratigic spots tge customer is always right execpt here because i was wrong everytime i talked to someone tgat couldnt speak freaking english	bug report
Works really good as long as you have a decent connection. A little laggy at times but works for what I use it for.	irrelevant information
It use to be good until the newest update, now it's just confusing and strange. It's a bit overwhelming by how large the change is as well, I don't know if y'all were going for sleek and nice looking cause it's definitely not. If I could go back to the last version I would.	feature request
The new version has gotten a little better, but it's still super glitchy and still laggy.	bug report
This app is another great way to communicate in groups. Easy to use and I have no issues using it. Download group me it's worth it.	irrelevant information
If it is possible to add a new future to xbox	feature request
It is not sending my texts.. I keep resending, and it doesn't send them ??... Update, text now does not answer or receive calls.. It's been like this for a while.. No, no calls are blocked, and when I receive goes straight to voicemail.. I unistalled and reinstalled still can't receive, but I or send calls.. Am I wrong paying 2.99 a month for this?.... Still have issues connecting to calls!! 30 just rings!	bug report
The mobile app got some bugs like sometime not loading or bugging the chat or just crashing but its Discord! And the main reason for me to use it is how you guys are and its community.	bug report
I like it but it doesn't rlly let me screenshare, this bug has kept on me for ages, I'm on mobile and when I wanna screenshare it bugs me and freezes when I wanna go out of discord to screen share the thing I wanna show. I hope this bugs fixes! Then it's back to my 10/10	bug report
No 1. At video game sharing.	irrelevant information
Skype was really great, until recently. It is now painfully slow to do anything. Tap on a contact, and you have to wait a few seconds for the next screen to appear.	bug report
Half of the time my text messages won't send for some reason most of the time the app won't let me call out our recieve phone calls An when it does you can't  hear anything at all but you can hear a big eco or staticso this app it's ok but it can use some changes or just an update maybe I'm just not all that happy with it but it's all I got so yeah so o it will work for now just till I get my phone turned back on but I have had friends use the app an not have a problem with it so don't know what else to say	bug report
DTMF not working since the update Dec 2018. So I rolled it back to old version v8.34.0.72 which is released Nov 2018 and the DTMF can work fine. Kindly check the new version issue. I use Skype just because of DTMF feature. If no DTMF anymore then I will find out another apps.	bug report
Im satisfied that how I used this App for a while but After losing my old account, I have to make new account. I tried a lot of attempt of joining in many server even if the user arent even banned, They still said "The User is banned from this guild".	bug report
This is a great app where friends can get together to chat and call each other in servers that they can create and costomize. Definently reccomend using it.	irrelevant information
Old Skype was fine. Update has caused lots of lag, slow to open messages. Took 10 seconds to send one message because it lags that much. Get this sorted Skype!	bug report
This company is Trash!! They stole $39 plus dollars out of my Venmo account after paying $6.95 for an upgrade. I'm pissed!	bug report
Removal of SMS support is a terrible idea. As a result I've decided to find another option and uninstall signal, I'm exporting messages now. This change by the developers will overall reduce encryption instead of increasing it. Horrible. Lost a multi year user!	feature request
Great place to communicate and get vital information from your team	irrelevant information
So slow don't allow me to hear well ,it break down often can't hear clear calls etc	bug report
Asking for recording permission.....	feature request
Used to work now just shows a white screen when I try to use it. Fix this please	bug report
So Skype for Android reintroduced the SMS feature to the versions for Android6+.. So users of Android6- won't get back this features? I use Android 5 and previous version of Skype did a great job sending sms and everything, now this regression is a nonsense	bug report
thanks for the subscription for, all my text and chat is now kewl with me ,thanks for the day...	irrelevant information
why describe the experience when the message is just going to dissappear you could make it better if the device self-destructs	bug report
How on earth are people not aware of this app	irrelevant information
I thought this was free texting and calling my bill was almost $300 uninstalling	bug report
It's pretty good for the most part as I'm new to Discord, but it's just realy hard to verify tour account and i would like for it to be easier	feature request
Nothing particularly wrong with the app but I don't just go around giving five stars	irrelevant information
the ui change was unnecessary. makes it so much harder to use not only with one hand but also with reading in general.	feature request
Very cool, but Bluetooth headphones don't work properly (at least on android)	bug report
I loved this app but since the update it wont ever get past the loading screen and I'm not recieving my texts anymore when I sync it with my phone. This is the only way I can communicate with my boss because there is no service at her house and I take care of her baby if there is an emergency I can't contact her.	bug report
Sometimes i have problems connecting unless i uninstall and reinstall the app, please fix this.	bug report
Good Chat	irrelevant information
I really like but can't get my old number back	bug report
Absolute garbage. Phone quality is abysmal and I'm 100% I missed an important call because it won't tell me I have an incoming call, not even if I'm on the app.	bug report
Updated Discord again, I must say some of the newly added options are cute, like the app icons. I noticed how the buttons change when they react to touch, and I think it's perfect. However, I still think the chat set up looks a bit weird, but I'm sure it's just me trying to adjust!	feature request
DONT USE TEXT NOW. CLUNKY, SCAMMING BS. As soon as i cancelled my $7.99 to keep my phone number (That i was forced to get to pass a captcha) i was beraided with "hurry and text a contact or lose your number" the message would show even if i texted/called contacts and now i have to change my settings for multiple accounts and i am pissed because of it. Try and get your life back on track and this app halts it simply put. Good luck	bug report
Love having a different number but I hate that some people don't get my picture messages nor can I receive theirs	feature request
I love Discord, but can you add the Lagrange Hebrew to it? Please	feature request
it's very good app. for at all tasks.	irrelevant information
The app will not just end a phonecall when you close it. I just ended a phonecall that apparently went on for an entire night. Not to mention it can't even remember your offline status and places you online for all your contacts to see every time you open the app. Some of us like our privacy. Also hate the ringtone so much.	bug report
Very great app, very simple and easy to use, but I've been recieving lots of daily spam calls for some reason. That, and I'm getting this bug in which I can't recieve notifications unless i 'finish setting up the app' but I've already got it fully set up. I went into my device settings and have notifs turned on, I don't understand what may be causing this, so i figured i would bring it to your attention.	bug report
When renewing through the Play Store, you have to "confirm through the app". But any time I open the app, it wants to charge me a second time for the same subscription. I have tried making calls, which works, but I keep getting emails asking me to confirm or I will be refunded. The link to open the app doesn't do anything. You guys should sort that out. For now, I will need to wait 3 days for my refund and then resubscribe through the app itself for this to work properly.	bug report
Spent about 16 hours waiting for confirmation after I entered my credit card information. Items which were on the screen were F B, Google and Apple. It was scrolling 12 hrs. Phone boiling HOT battery only lasts 30 mins so I was standing there hunched over the charging pad ALL NIGHT. Entered my credit card information 5 times & AGAIN NO CONFIRMATION. Open app on tablet & get; VIOLATION NOTICE stating I am BLOCKED from using TEXT NOW & JUST ATTEMPTING TO INSTALL ! TTL WAST of 2 days ! 😡	bug report
Quick, easy to use. Private!	irrelevant information
Trying to restore my wife's Signal backup after her phone died and she had to buy a new one, but it always crashes after the backup completes and there's no way to finish the process. I thought it was the phone, but it's clearly the backup size 1.2 to 1.4 GB. I couldn't restore it on her phone or mine with numerous backups spanning years. I sent an email to the developers over a week ago, but no one has responded. I've been a huge Signal fan for years, but can't believe the lack of a response.	bug report
It mostly works. No matter what i enable, i don't get notifications untill i open the app. By that time i can see that i have a new message. I now have to remember to open this app to see if i have messages from the few friends that use it. I can turn off notifications and back on. They work for a day or so then go back to not working. Very frustrating.	bug report
I always got tired of error 1062	bug report
Great app works perfectly. I have recommended it to my friends and my friends loved it 👍	irrelevant information
Everything is back in place	irrelevant information
Full name.why ? You are getting me registered to school idiot app.	irrelevant information
They don't give my money which I won by smule app singing won 485000.00 US and they said you have to purchase 100.00 gas and then we can revise your money working with bicentere trading company	irrelevant information
Issue has been resolved	bug report
It's amazing i met my best friend on their:)	irrelevant information
This is really good work i like it	irrelevant information
My incoming calls cannot be heard and drop after only a few minutes. What gives? My Wifi is pretty good...please fix and I will give the 5 stars that it deserves.	bug report
Not receiving texts	bug report
Seems like with every update, the performance of this app continues to get worse. Constantly having to close the app and reopen it, pictures and gifs go blank/missing, search crashes, profile avatars/pictures disappear, notifications don't work properly, etc. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app so many times and it doesn't help.	bug report
Text Now? More like Text Later 🙄😠 get texts log after they were sent doesn't let me send texts answer calls or read my conversation history like 60 percent of the time. Not just my phone does it on every phone I have.	bug report
I wish it would play music for text sounds. The sounds I use now I can't hear it. Worthless! Please fix it.	bug report
Removing sms is an absolutely idiotic move, and I will be going to another app if this happens. Way to ruin an app like this, devs.	feature request
Needs update hasn't worked since Monday	bug report
I can't login, even after clearing cache. Load screen takes forever	bug report
I had used signal years ago and now I wanted to check back, and glad to see it is doing great. The design is modern and simple, it has features that it's competitors also have. However, I hate the fact that it notifies my contacts when I join signal. There HAS TO BE option to disable this. Contact joined notification doesn't make sense at all. 5 stars for open source and signal's mission.	feature request
I use it for work related group messages. it is helpful to ensure the management team is receiving the same information.	irrelevant information
I didn't even get the chance to use it started glitching my whole phone but I'll put a better review when I use it	bug report
good aap , please more update features	feature request
The core of Signal is great: secure and easy. Unfortunately, Signal's recent decision to eliminate SMS and MMS support means that it can no longer be used as one's primary messaging app. I used to recommend it to non-techy people as an easy way to improve their security. It's a lot harder to recommend and use now.	feature request
It's a great app but you need wifi and it lagy when you call	feature request
after update it just freeze and stop working	bug report
Like the texting part of the app but the calling part is bad. Its not clear and it sounds like you and the other person that your on the phone with are both in a tunnel bc of the echoing. Wish they would fix the calling quality	bug report
so far the best decision I've made this year.. just wish I could hear when it rings	feature request
Really true man and true application	irrelevant information
It's horrible if you get a call r message it won't work	bug report
i dont rly like the new update but i dont think its all that bad :)	irrelevant information
Fantastic service, horrible UI changes and the username change decsion was awful. Dropped my rating by 2 whole stars.	feature request
This was a great app before the last update. There's clearly a bug with Bluetooth. Anytime a regular call comes in while you are on a Skype call (even if you do not answer the other call) , Bluetooth will disconnect and it's nearly impossible to reconnect again unless you end both calls. To make things worse the option for speakerphone becomes unavailable as well. It makes for a very awkward situation during Skype calls.	bug report
There call keeps sending and neither me or the person I'm on the phone with	bug report
It's multi purpose, and collectively sequenced	irrelevant information
Will stop supporting sms.	irrelevant information
Great UI and messaging experience, but it has one really staggering flaw: very poor ability to restore message history. When getting a new phone, you can restore history from a backup if you made one -- but only if your new phone has the same operating system (Android or iOS) as the old one. Other devices can be linked to your primary device, but can't access message history, and get disconnected if you change devices. it's just arduous and annoying when I'd rather I could just log in anywhere.	feature request
floped	irrelevant information
I used to be able to swipe up on a video message and it would lock in record mode, now in the most recent update it merely Zooms in when I do that, and so I have to hold my finger on the button the entire time.	bug report
Lots of adds some time to many overall good to have	irrelevant information
Glory to Ukraine	irrelevant information
before i looked at the app	irrelevant information
Review edited because I was knee-jerky at first but my overall sentiment remains: Discord is yet another app suffering from unnecessary updates that degrade the user experience and make it worse. They're slowly stripping away the parity it had with the desktop app (one of its best features imo) to instead messily integrate a bunch of design choices from other apps to create an unwieldy chimera which isn't particularly intuitive to use at all. Very poor showing.	feature request
Privacy 🔏 and security.. Nothing else needed.	irrelevant information
I have this app a 3/5 bc of the ADS THE ADS ARE SO ANNOYING!!! The app itself is really nice,but if the creators are seeing this... PLEASE take off the ADS!!! They're so annoying 🙄 😒. It would really make it look better, since the ads get all up in your way 😖 And now I tried to watch the videos for credits to get different amounts of time to have no ads, it's A TRICK NO VIDEO COMES UP!!!! PLEASE TAKE OFF THE ADS no one likes them 😭😖	bug report
Sharing info about this app is oky	irrelevant information
Use it heavily with my running group. Would like better search capability.	feature request
Recent updates have rendered Skype unusable on my HTC M8s. Audio is choppy and constantly breaks up. Latest update does nothing to improve the performance on the HTC.	bug report
Works great most of the time, it just started not letting me see people's responses in the app, but only in my notification bar. I keep waiting for an update, but nothing yet.	bug report
Still no improvement of this trash app such a lengthy and time consuming process for one singal login completely pathetic On future I can't recommend this trash app to anyone -0 score rating	bug report
No bull app, no prying eyes, encryption, it is part of my social media cleansing prior to the new year. I did quit FB, Instagram, Gmail...I only wish Signal does email. Edit. Delete for all features are gone, thus 2 stars downgrade.	feature request
I and my whole family had uninstalled your app,boycott Sweden	irrelevant information
I can not hear the voice.	bug report
I like it well enough for what I use it for. It's been a good steady faithful program through the years. It's been good for us.	irrelevant information
For a free app ita good works for a phone when your out of money and need a phone	irrelevant information
Its very helpful but i dont download it but why?	irrelevant information
app used to be good. ever since like January of this year it's slowly been getting buggier and buggier and less functional and now it's totally unusable. you have to close and reopen the app multiple times to refresh any servers or dms to read or send any messages, bottom of the screen overlaps and breaks. sends messages multiple times. pls bring back the working version.	bug report
frequent glitches with having to tap the text bar twice to type, weird feedback issues when both parties are wearing headphones. main issue: i can only get clean/good quality audio when i'm in a another app that also has audio. i use tiktok and stay on my notification screen just so that i can hear the other person without insane compression	bug report
It's nice to me	irrelevant information
I like the app for sending a text message or making a phone call when I don't have cell phone service. I have the notifications turned off through the app and on my phone. and yet I still get notifications when I call comes in and a floating chat head even though I don't want it there's no option to turn it off and it's very annoying. I get phone calls all the time from telemarketers and I would prefer not to have to deal with them. my notifications being turned off means they should be off	bug report
great app was there when i needed it and had no phone	irrelevant information
the ads on the free version are very much in the way and hard to dismiss	feature request
The app works fine. I use it frequently for audio and video calls as well as chat messages and group chats. I find the constant feedback request on call quality after each and every call very annoying. One a month should totally do it ...	feature request
3 star because no dark mode is available. This is now standard on all apps. Please make it possible 🙏🏽 I'll 5 star once this is possible.	feature request
For the most part this app works great. My main issue is that it freezes on adverts like all the time.	bug report
On screen links to updated...	feature request
Still an allright app but some calls are being dropped and the other person says they cant hear me sometimes	bug report
Watch video 4 times and didnt get no min	bug report
Not receiving alerts when I get messages. I've restarted uninstalled, re-installed, nothing. Please fix	bug report
wouldn't allow me to change my number, so I couldn't join any groups! It	bug report
Malfunctions ....	bug report
Discord is great, but I made a new account and its "updated" I guess but it keeps getting stuck in a server and I can't use direct messages. It completely freezes in the server the only other option I have is to make a new one. And me pressing the notification for the direct message doesn't work either. All in all discord is a great app tho.	bug report
Hi, Just need to report bug I am not able to decline or accept the call	bug report
It's OK for an app ideally a delete all messages function would be great for DM's not having to delete every single one, maybe add it to the next update👍	feature request
It Is what it is.	irrelevant information
Great way to connect to a large group of friends, family social groups, and businesses.	irrelevant information
Recently showing too many glitches. Not working properly. It doesn't change the screen when I touched the icons. It always stay in a single screen only	bug report
When you are on the phone for long periods of time, it will cut out and the app shuts down and you lose the call. And during the call if you uave exellent wifi or not the signal is still bad, you can't here the other person aloy of the time. Besides that its a decent app.	bug report
Worked great then they fixed it lmao Why did y'all make it worse??	bug report
No tech support. Although I have credit in the account, can't make a call.	bug report
Very useful app generally and the PC version is great, but every update it seems like the mobile version becomes more and more broken. I've had nonstop issues causing me to be unable to see new messages except from notifications, issues where going to any other channel just shows the messages from where I was before, issues where the bottom half of the channels menu is cut off, and issues where clicking on things like users or reactions creates a popup too small to interact with. Just a mess...	bug report
This app don't work	bug report
The only way to get further in this game more quickly is to constantly spend money. Also, I keep getting malicious content detected and blocked on my mobile phone every time I open the app. It's a decent game, but there are very few useful rewards when playing. You have to pay to unlock cds that you earn from playing the mini games, which is, in my opinion, not a good way to keep people playing long-term. Cds are an important part of getting items in the game. Considering upgrades take days	bug report
Stop updating to change features that everyone likes. The whole point of even using discord is the ui that's actually friendly to users and chats being very customizable. Nobody wants you to keep getting rid of features.	feature request
When I send a message it won't show up then I have to exit out of it the open it back up to see if the message sent it stupid please fix it before I delete the app	bug report
Not good for mobile & also screen share and voice also not matched.	bug report
It was great for years (5 stars) and then it stopped letting me into the chats (-3stars). I get notifications, but I can't go in to read or send messages. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app and sent the help desk a message with no assistance.	bug report
Messing up	irrelevant information
Used to have a great UI but now it's soo generic, no idea why the app got downgraded, now it's very unappealing and extremely buggy+the fact that your messages can be seen easily now	bug report
The video call is no longer working. Only the voice call is allowed.	bug report
Overall the video quality is good but when I open gallery to upload my DP , it is giving me an error that " it's not possible to load the albums from your device" Please help!!!!!!	bug report
I just signed up for this app and already I'm frustrated with it. I forgot my password so I have tried every way to get a reset link. I have yet to receive one. And yes I have checked the spam folder. It's not in there either. I would love to use this app but it doesn't look like that is ever going to happen. One of your bug fixes should be the reset password link.	bug report
A lot of times I can't answer my phone other half of the time together party cannot hear me.	bug report
I've been using text now over all for few years now and been completely satisfied, until recently.... I am now having a problem because I have a phone i wanted to add to text now and it was approved I used my card order sim and even a better phone from you guys and a sim for it as I need two lines. This was a 2-3 weeks ago and I still haven't received phone or the 2 sim cards and now I can't reach anyone to speak with to help with this issue got someone on a chat but they couldn't find none of m	bug report
Lanat for sweedan	irrelevant information
Having trouble the last couple months ... can receive posts but can't comment. Have to reinstall the app to get it to work and it only works for a day or two. I have cleared the apps cache and data to no avail ... from a  Galaxy S7 Edge	bug report
I would give this a higher rating if I  could silence alerts for more than 12 hours at a time. Also, there have been times when alerts still come through, even when blocked.	feature request
One of my accounts has a lock on it and can't remove it. Also, I have had to install it again and it doesn't run right.	bug report
I've tried and tried just because it's what everyone in my classes uses...but it just doesn't work for me. I HATE this app with a passion. It very rarely gives me notifications even though I have it set to priority, and it's made me miss important updates multiple times. Sometimes I MIGHT get a notification hours to days later, if at all.	bug report
Great for texting, somewhat spotty for voice without a good cable connection.	irrelevant information
New update is literal trash	bug report
This is perfect, I don't have a sim can or anything so this is the best thing I could find!	irrelevant information
Its a lie still requires you to pay for a number before you can recieve messages...🙄🙄🙄🙄	bug report
the best phone call app	irrelevant information
Sometimes i am trying to make a phone call out an it directs me to automated system from text now saying my phone has been deactivated. please fix this problem or i am switching apps. thank you. BML.	bug report
Please add an option to switch between accounts as we can do on Insta as it will help alot and secondly, make the UI smooth and optimized too.	feature request
Best group social media app!	irrelevant information
recieving a call, you have to fix it fast.	bug report
The UI is somewhat buggy, but calls and texting do work well.	bug report
The end of an era no more sms means I've got to find a new messager. Not looking to use multiple apps to send and receive messages	feature request
I have it on my android and iOS device. My iPhone keeps removing all my chat history. Also messages are delayed st times	bug report
They burried the logout option took me a while to find it. Why skype why?	bug report
Absolutely wonderful	irrelevant information
Whatever you guys did to this app made it very painful and frustrating to use. Could've just left it the way it was.	bug report
very buggy, my messages wont even send unless i exit or restart the app. video calls too buggy. i can't even send vm that is clear or understandable. please update ur app to be better not the opposite.	bug report
Sometimes I don't get notifications that someone has text me!	bug report
I'm not receiving no text at all i can send text but I can't receive no text it's been happening for 4 months now I'm getting tired of it...	bug report
Nice that all I say	irrelevant information
Text now it's a very good app. It really works in the pinch and will not let you down.	irrelevant information
Going in a bad direction. Removed a star for dropping sms support and another for cluttering the ui with stories.	feature request
This app bugs me because if I don't open the app I don't receive notifications its kinda dumb	bug report
I really want to use this app, but the person you are texting also has to have it which is very frustrating. Please make it so others don't have to join to use the app.	feature request
Keep getting scam calls and cannot silence the bloody app nor delete it.	bug report
Works 20% of the time, other 80% is constant waiting for the bloody thing to stop glitching 😭	bug report
Great tool to use to contact multiple people.	irrelevant information
Messages fo not load or send. Used to be a fun way to communicate with others, now just frustrating.	bug report
I deleted the app bc I didn't need it anymore. When I just re-downloaded it, it says I violated terms... and I 'recovered' my account but now there are NO numbers available with ANY area code I put in.	bug report
Do not download this app!!! Immediately after setting up this app I started receiving scam phone calls and text messaging about health insurance quotes. About every 2 to 5 minutes apart. I am going to have to change my number if it does not stop. I used a google voice number to set it up and somehow it managed to get my real number from google voice. Never had this problem with other apps so it is not a coincidence.	bug report
No problems seems to work very well .easy usable.	irrelevant information
Discord is good, update is trash. Like you guys put it in catagorys and it makes stuff harder to find. Like why not bring back the slide and tap. You now made it like you gotta search for everything like folders. 5 stars if it went back to the old way.	feature request
I did an update and now my group chat is gone... it's how we communicate for my job... how do I get it back?	bug report
This app is sick when I go in any game it disconnected my vc please fix it 😠	bug report
This app is garbage when it comes to installing it on multiple devices for the same account, nothing but headaches with the password being accepted, I'm ready to this in favor of Duo	bug report
Scammers are given free reign. One had an intercept and stole $200 I was trying to send to a friend	bug report
Apparently they removed unencrypted SMS support? What the hell? I'm just... not going to use this app as much if I have to switch between this and another app. Has some technological quirks- notifications not showing up, dates of texts not being assigned right so they don't show at the bottom of the conversation, and some random images just will not send. Very disappointed with the lack of SMS support.	bug report
This is a very bad app, I tried signing up for number, it isn't working, I allow it access my location still, it still saying registration error	bug report
I have used this app for seceral years. It is a wonderful app. Text and calling is free with Wifi the only thing they have changed is now we have to pay for a confirmation codes like from Facebook. Or google or things like that. But it all use to be free.	irrelevant information
I cancelled my subscription. It is still trying to take money from my card.	bug report
Unreliable in the extreme. I've been using the skyoe number for seven years and in the past year its become impossible to make phone calls. The calls connect, you get dead silence until one party gives up. You are charged for these dead calls. Do not use for international phone calls.	bug report
This app declines in quality with every Ui update. It's impressive how trash it is compared to what it was just a year or two ago	bug report
Keeps cutting calls off	bug report
In the event of failure of the balance payment by VENDEE as per this clause, the VENDOR shall have all rights to cancel this Agreement and all the amounts paid to the VENDOR by VENDEE till such date shall be forfeited, and VENDOR shall continue to be the owner of the said Scheduled Property. add this clause in clause 3	feature request
decent app. good for messaging. video chat is not great as it's not smooth and audio cuts out. would be great to add a screensharing feature to video chat.	feature request
Texting and sending pics thru this app is satisfactory. There is def room for improvements- I would like to be able to answer a call without having to unlock my screen because sometimes in doing so, I miss the call. Also, the calling is a little less quality but overall no complaints being that this is a free app.	feature request
The apps newest update is super buggy and crashes constantly. No longer can easily switch between text channels. 8/10 times I have to force close it.	bug report
Good way to stay in touch with love ones	irrelevant information
Love this but wish it was on my watch as well so I could read messages there. Having to have EVERY single contact on this app to be able to use it is ridiculous. Not only are there always going to be people who don't want to use it, it means things like my doctors office, UPS, Uber, etc wouldn't EVER work either. I can't imagine anyone is going to keep this app.	feature request
Cant find q way to see what server members are online anymore. UI nightmare. Also regularly refuses to give me notifications on my phone	bug report
Keeps logging out. Captcha us horrible. Interface don't make any sense (you can't just copy the desktop interface and put it on a slim phone and expect it to look good). Overall massive inconvenience but some people can't seem to find alternatives so I'm forced to tolerate this	bug report
It helped me keep my numbers and who i have called	irrelevant information
I stopped being able to click on links people have in their (or my own) bios. It's really annoying because it means I cant check people's pronoun pages when they link them anymore I've tried un and reinstalling, restarting my phone, etc. But nothing seems to work. Hopefully it's something that gets fixed soon!	bug report
Four only because when I texted my homie up it didn't register and then he went to my house and it still didn't work??? Both of our phones are turned on so that's not the problem 😕😞	bug report
The new UI update is ugly as sin, clunky to operate, and essentially broke the app. None of my servers load anymore and it's just backwards as all hell to use anymore. Super disappointing.	bug report
New update ruined a lot of what the app was, now it glitches and lags way more often	bug report
How do u do a group chat???????	irrelevant information
I yry to login with my email account but it says the email account is already registered so i try 2 different ways to fix it,1 i try to check if did i enter anything wrong and 2 i try to login with phone number but it says phone number invalid	bug report
Great app for group texting and communication	feature request
It stopped suddenly and I can't use my number or log in my account. I use it regularly now it's gone overnight	bug report
Keeps logging me out so I miss notifications! I dont want to log in every time!	bug report
Just like what's app but safer. Easier to see messages due to better contrast than Discord .	irrelevant information
When I sign in, it will tell you that your account will not sign up for this device please set this sign up problem I tried again and again for sign up but it say your not sign up in device please change sign up all feature and add a new and easy method for sign up	feature request
You need to be able to delete your messages fromnother people seeing them too!	feature request
Cool app don't use it that much loll	irrelevant information
The UI was fine before. Why change it? Listen to your users, you're becoming the next YouTube	feature request
Useful little utility program for those of us who do not have a cell phone. The web interface has a few minor issues, but is very usable.	irrelevant information
can't even read my messages  or see of I sent it	bug report
Constantly freezing and not getting notifications regularly. Update 10/30/19: Now photos aren't saving to phone gallery anymore like they used to. Noticed this about 2 weeks ago. Deleted and reinstalled with no change. TRASH.	bug report
computer and it was great the mobile app just won't install and I found it	bug report
Hi my is carl i will pay my phone bill as soon about next wed i just got in town	irrelevant information
Where are the additional numbers on each contact? What happened to this app!	feature request
Best social network	irrelevant information
The latest update has a horrible and unintuitive UI, as soon as my mates and I find an alternative platform we will be jumping ship.	feature request
This app is good but at the start it does ALOT of tests to "make sure you're not a robot"	irrelevant information
It's been good, but right now I can't call or answer the phone	bug report
This is a great application to use if you need a second number. It does at times drop calls or is unable to complete a call in areas that the wifi connection is poor. I discovered if you Pay the small fee to eliminate ads it's a far superior experience using the the service	feature request
Nice to use but battery consumption is too high	bug report
It's a nice app to chat with other friends but I have so many problems Abt this app :( .. I don't know if it's about my wifi but when I send pictures It takes so long to send them. And when I'm on a call it's not loading so I can't hear my friends talk and they also can't hear me I can't even watch their streams.. why's that?☹️	bug report
Everything about this app is great. I can keep in touch with family this way send pictures to eachother but I can't send any video, even when it's under 30 seconds.	feature request
While I appreciate that discord updates there at there's been a litany of issues that can certainly cause privacy concerns. The first issue I ran into was that messages that I typed into my notification shade on my pixel 7 or just disappearing. My current issue is that it is common for discord the lock into a DM for one person and I can't switch out to another to send a message. The bigger issue is that messages are starting to send the people that I'm not sending them to. Unfortunate.	bug report
I tried to give the mobile UI a fighting chance, but I'm slowly getting to my witts end with it. It used to be easy enough to swipe and see my servers AND messages on the left, but now it's added an extra step to jump to all messages, and has made it more clunky to find older messages, that I maybe haven't responded to. I know a lot of some issues are muscle memory, but this new update has only added unnecessary steps to an already easy and user friendly design. Pls give us the option to choose.	feature request
Skype is a really good app i use it all the time! I have come across a few problems like if im playing an online game it will sometimes bring me back to the skype screen other than that really good	bug report
Thanks for ruining it, Microsoft!	irrelevant information
Well now I can't even share pics/memes/gifs/emotes and the new layout is more difficult to deal with than the original one that allowed one to simply swipe to the different parts of the app. Still better than Twitter (marginally), but it keeps going downhill with each update as they supposedly "improve" it.	feature request
I love this app, gave me so many good memories. Ofc there are certain issues but I'll give it 5 stars just because it holds such sentimental memories to me	irrelevant information
Hi i have an issue with the app, as i'm making calls its automatically disconnects me plus the people i text arent recieving my messages i need this fix thanks.	bug report
I really want to give it no stars, but i dont have that option... Im not sure if this app is for kids.. I never heard of it.. with that being said, I check my child's phone.. I looked in this app.. someone sent them inappropriate pictures and asked about giving them allowance. I tried to report them.. but the support people told me that the only thing I SHOULD do is block them. I feel like that will do nothing because they will still be able to send pictures to any child, not just mine.	bug report
It's been very instrumental in keeping up with my church family	irrelevant information
will text them back, you wont be able to do it because the app will not	bug report
members are an issue if they don't respond within a certain amount of time the invitation goes away and be a super pain in the ass.. also if they don't get the app they have to renew every so often or they get thrown outin other words they have to interact with sometimes is stupid because it might be a one-way.. I wish there was something that allow me to do every single thing I can do in an SMS app like Textra but go to more than 10 people and this one is not that but it's the best I found	feature request
I absolutely hate this app. It would be really nice if I could sit down and close the app without resetting my phone	bug report
I have a question? If there was an emergency, would I be able to call 911?	irrelevant information
😁😁😁😁😁this a is awesome. I b see more than most people ever have I can do more than most people and I believe an Jesus ❤️ nobody can go back like he can do u need some love from me and him	irrelevant information
good way to create a group chat thats always open. leave notifications on so yoi don't have to check messages, theu judt appear.	irrelevant information
It's good never had any problems	irrelevant information
Generally, really enjoy the app. The only problem I have is getting videos to play that are sent to me. They frequently start, play a few seconds, stop, and that's it. Other than that, great for keeping in touch with family and friends!	bug report
GOOD TO MAKE CALLS OR SEND TEXTS IN A PINCH. NOT THE BEST BECAUSE YOU NEED INTERNET TO MAKE IT WORK BUT IT'S WAY BETTER THAN NO COMMUNICATION	irrelevant information
New update is buggy. Everything seems too wide now and i cant even check my DMs!	bug report
It's okay for a free texting app. It would be better if the calls didnt drop so much.	bug report
I have been using it for a while now but ever since the update, periodically all of my chats are deleted as if I just started using groupme. Please fix this issue as I can't even receive messages when this happens...	bug report
I don't like it personally	irrelevant information
It's an ok app. Just with it wasn't so slow..	bug report
Very helpful for conference calls or when I'm away from home in my laptop are calling people overseas and other useful things. annoying apparently new feature. sometimes when I hit a phone number Skype calls instead of using my phone line. I can't figure out how to tell Skype I don't want to use Skype for this call, or for any calls unless I start in Skype. for example, when I get a text message from a friend, and want to call them back from the message app, Skype chimes in instead of my phone.	bug report
Computer died and wow this worked on phone	bug report
It's fine. They can read your messages. Good Audio and Video Calling. Use Telegram Instead.	irrelevant information
The application allows us to communicate and stay involved with our love ones	irrelevant information
App s good but messaging send too late to next person improve ur app	feature request
It's been very good using this app	irrelevant information
Nice but 😁😁mast	irrelevant information
As a reluctant Discord user since 2018 I still find it hard to navigate, hard to return where you were, too many notifications by default, too hard to sort your Discords, should be easier to share a Discord with a good web presence to introduce them to prospective members.	feature request
Since the update its slower and looks different	bug report
I used to use discord all the time but the minute they added the new update, it slowed down my phone and it takes like a minute just to open up a server or a dm even if I have perfect WiFi. It's also super compact and feels claustrophobic, the new controls are confusing and overall as someone who frequently uses desktop as well, it's very difficult to have to switch between thinking desktop mode and phone mode because the new update is really confusing.	bug report
Pretty slow and unresponsive but gets the job done.	irrelevant information
It's good but every time I write a command in my discord it's invisble I can't see what the command is or anything can you fix it or is something I turned off in my settings?	bug report
Junk. Can text just expect to spend a lot of effort and time to send a pic. Video? Try it if you're ready to waste time.	irrelevant information
I've been using this app for the past 7 years and it's the only messenger I've really used in that time. I've loved it for what I've used it for and it hurts to leave a negative review, but the company behind it has been continually rolling out updates the community at large is against. The worst, for me, is that they tout accessibility, yet refuse to listen to their users when their compulsory, major UI updates lead to text being unreadable, to migraines, or, potentially, even to seizures.	feature request
It wouldn't let me purchase minutes without changing my #	bug report
Need to fix bugs , received messages 20 mins later .	bug report
The only app on my phone that after the years of use randomly crashed once, would not open anymore, lost all of the messages/data. On rare occasions, it would take 10 min (or more) to deliver a simple text message.	bug report
Somehow i liked the old version of discord than its current new updates, extremely buggy whenever i open the app itself continously for about 4-5 reopening it, u cant pick of dark theme u prefer without having any nitro.	bug report
1* to 1*. I was told to reinstall the app... this has made everything so much worse. If I click on an image it cuts off half the screen and doesn't show me the images. Good luck accessing dms. Best of luck watching a video. Love getting a ping on desktop and it just not coming through on mobile until I restart the app.	bug report
I really enjoy using this app for team sports and group projects	irrelevant information
It's horrible it doesn't work I get almost none of my text messages they show up that I got it in my notifications and then when I open my app the messages aren't there Roblox numbers without trying to this is one of the worst text after I have ever tried to use	bug report
Used to love using the app it was simple and almost identical to the desktop which made transition very easy but now it's riddled with bugs and very difficult to use please revert. Will not recommend app to new users or even existing users who have the app.	bug report
Skype used to be the best video calling service period. Now, the quality is absolute trash 🗑 😒 The app constantly freezes and crashes. I don't what happened but GET YOUR SHITE TOGETHER!!	bug report
The app has always been great for free texting and calling. However since the last update it has been glitchy and slow. It keeps kicking me off the app saying TextNow has stopped. I have restarted my phone multiple times in case it was my phone but all my other apps are fine. So if you could fix this it would be greatly appreciated.	bug report
Bluetooth does not connect properly. It says it's "connected" but it's not. Voice call audio is still coming out from the phone not the Bluetooth headphones. This issue is still going on. And I believe it's a bug that really needs to be fix ASAP.	bug report
there are bugs such as tapping the floating window when calling in the background opens last opened app instead of skype.	bug report
The reliability and usability has declined sharply in the last year. I'm activity looking for a replacement.	bug report
I like it but I don't like how it over rides my other apps. 8/27/20 update, has been getting better but drop calls. . otherwise been using a while and like the app.	bug report
The app works fine until you try to change your profile settings (like updating your avatar or name) and then freezes.	bug report
Very bad app. They lock my number bt they took it	bug report
Uninstalled. You let me know when and how we can disable chat heads	irrelevant information
It's good and all but I'm on mobile and wheni get off the app the calls cuts out completely	bug report
It seems that two factor authentication is mandatory, even if you disable it. Also asks you to log in daily. And their support team doesn't reply to emails.	bug report
Was not letting me make any account with number	bug report
Very slow, when I canceled or not answered call then show a popup window and extra sound. It's very disturbing.	bug report
It's just garbage I have tried logging in and it don't let me so ya.	bug report
The new layout is poorly designed.	feature request
Verry annoying. I get DAILY reminders to call/text asap or I will lose my number. However I do both frequently already so why the constant harassing reminders. It used to only remind you if you hadnt used it in 30 days, not anymore. 🙄 Update: I purchased the sim card and send a text daily and now Im getting a notice that Im very soon to be losing my number. Don't get this app!	bug report
I'm going to leave this at 3 stars until we get the old UI back.	feature request
It slows down my phone when I use it. Afterwards I have to go into my settings and fix it because it says app crashed. I have a galaxy J3 emerge..... maybe it's my phone idk	bug report
Customer service is non existent, sent debug data, emailed and still no response. Since the update everything is delayed like my account has been cloned, this is evidenced by way of a technical glitch in the matrix showing 2 x signal options when sharing links or files from other applications. Also the option to drop down a couple of lines when typing has been replaced with straight 'Send' phone stopped ringing, get missed call notification instead.	bug report
Im really upset and i want my 20 dollers back try everything you guys had put on her to recieve min and call long distence pls return my funds, you guys shouldnt except funds if people dont know they need a sim card or some form of phone id number i dial the *#06# and nothing happened i got to the settings and there nothing there all i want is my my 20 dollars back pls..🤦🏾 the money didnt even show up in the wallet	bug report
Not good as whatssap	bug report
How to verify my phone number..	feature request
The new version is terrible and not intuitive. Please bring back the old version. I wouldn't have come here if Discord didn't ask me to leave a review. As the saying goes, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.	feature request
Was going great until it stopped accepting my lock code, that I had just made and was trying out. Now I'm locked out of it and I've had this account for all of 5 minutes. It gives you no way to reset the code or any options at all to help you. Would of gave it more stars but only got to use it for a few minutes. Was pretty excited about this app but this is enough to make me delete it	bug report
The only reason why i rated this app 3 is because during a conference call someone can remove us from the call or mute us without knowing who did this bad job i kindly request the app developers to solve this serious problem of mine	feature request
It' is a good option	irrelevant information
Yeah it's cool but sum weird like their are kittens on their AND NOT A KITTEN A HUMAN	irrelevant information
The app did not need a redesign. You have a choice between three themes, none of which look good, it has this odd rounded corner esthetic on everything which makes it look ugly and less of the modern feel they were going for, the user list in every server is hidden behind the part the channel name which doesn't look like a button and along with the user list is everything unrelated to it. I do like the new notification tab, but it also takes the place of a home tab showing who is online.	feature request
Overall good expierence !! Thank you	irrelevant information
It's 2016 and I'm downloading this again (deleted it in 2014) but this time for work. I'd like to have the option to delete texts, not just archive them, from 2 years ago. Ridiculous.	feature request
Messages don't get delivered on time until and unless I don't close and restart the app. Nothing to do with my connection since every other app works fine. Worse app for texting	bug report
I love this app because my dad lives in a different state and i can see his face this why it is amazing the reason i only rate this four out of five is because the app is a little glitchy but that it i would 100 percent download it if you have to keep in contact with someone and it good to for talking to your friends to	feature request
Every time a enter a call I never see myself talking and no audio and no else can talk to me and why does it take forever to process one small picture the only thing working is chat	bug report
Skype is great and all, but I was just in a call for 24 hours, it automatically ended it. This is the 2nd time it's done that.	bug report
It has worked well for me in the past,  I'm having trouble receiving minutes this time, unfortunately	bug report
not working when i go to sign in it just says loading with blue circle ive left it but it does this for ages uninstalled and reinstalled and still the same problem on my laptop not impressed	bug report
Its ok textnow is better	irrelevant information
Will not let me join my group. Very picky about email and passwords	bug report
It's still pretty good. I don't know why they changed how the UI works in servers. It's much worse, and this doesn't seem like an improvement at all	feature request
Could show how many people in the group have read each message	feature request
Discord has been great up until the recent update that changes the user interface, layouts and themes on mobile. Now if I try and open a chat, I get shot back to messages from weeks ago and have to scroll back to the present. Messages aren't reading when they are open and notifications are getting sent late if at all even when I have all my notifications turned on. Wish there was a way to get the old lay out back and not have to use the bar at the bottom to get to servers.	bug report
Won't let me send messages without constant updates. Then it won't let me update the app. Unable to connect	bug report
I dig it.. I know its safe too... make the switch...!	irrelevant information
I mean the app is ok...sometimes the calls work good and sometimes its some trash	bug report
Adding people has always been buggy (it would say the person could not be added but they actually had been). But for the last week, it has stopped letting me add people at all (in a group I manage). Please sort this out! Otherwise this communication option is highly useful (I push for this app wherever possible).	bug report
not very user friendly to get started. After app was downloaded, I was not able to join the group thru scanning the QR code but kept routing to app download.	bug report
Hate it you have to earn cents and pay with your cents and you get one minute what a rip off	irrelevant information
Good for offline use xXJLXx	feature request
Never got to use it, literally downloaded this for work and have been told can not verify or be add. Turns out who ever had my number before me was using it and is still active my claims ticket I guess got lost because I haven't heard anything back from the help line I found.	bug report
Your signal app just allowed my key pad to be shut down and people stole money from my account	bug report
Whatever you did with that last upgrade put it back like it was. I received a text and app knew nothing about it. Last time when changing ringtones it would bounch back to text screen and changing text tones mads it crash. Now the reverse is true.	bug report
How do I make it where I'll get notifications from this app? I get absolutely nothing and I've already looked in every nook and cranny I can think of.	feature request
It is very slow and the app signals my text sent when in fact it has not been received. Very frustrating.	bug report
PURE TRASH! My phone number works just fine but I keep being told it is an invalid or a non-working number! How do Ibverify my text-free number when their bloody system keeps telling me my phone number is invalid or doesn't work?! This earns their system & app 0 stars but since I cannot rate it lower than 1 star I will give it that! MAYBE if they fix their crAPP system so it will accept my phone number so I can validate my text free number I can try it out & POSSIBLY rate it higher! GARBAGE!!	bug report
It's  cool is wat it is	irrelevant information
When ever I try to cam with someone my cam never shows up expect in the	bug report
Suddenly stops working on any phone I have	bug report
Gonna be honest with you, the new UI update has made this app so buggy and unstable on my phone. Screen share keeps crashing my discord, sometimes the UI will mess up and I can't press the soundboard or share screen buttons, it's annoying and I hate it.	bug report
I bet they disabled the option to go back to old ui on purpose	feature request
It's a helpful free app for people to use when they ruñ out of their own phone that's prepaid everyone has awesome thanks.	irrelevant information
new layout sucks as of December 2023	feature request
They say all my accounts are disabled	bug report
new format is awful i cant send messages on it, i cant connect to the internet, i can barely see who is online in servers, its hard to access DMs	bug report
call somebody (it sets shivers down my spine, in a bad way) I can't also	irrelevant information
It's been overall very good. 👍	irrelevant information
I just downloaded this app. I tried signing up and didn't log in. I pressed the sign up with Google again it's said that my account has been disabled. That's crazy I just downloaded now I'm banned. Bad bad start ong.	bug report
Discord is great, but somehow the website blocked my account saying I flooded it or something, so now I have to use the app, lol. The error message I just said I talked to the admin, but my discard admin didn't do it.	bug report
Also it keeps glitching and now I can't text anyone	bug report
yeesh the new UI is terrible. it is a baffling decision!	feature request
WHEN I TRY TO LOG BACK INTO MY ACCOUNT WITH THE EMAIL I USED TO LOG INTO WITH THAT ACCOUNT IT SAID "email already registered" WHAT?!?!?	bug report
U don't know when someone is calling you or texting you even though notifications are set to on, it doesn't even come up on the screen or the lock screen, so I would have to continusaly check the app multiple times a day, and that's why I changed apps	bug report
Was working fine until today. Won't send messages and says my number is now inactive and forces me to choose a new one, but when I tried that it still gave me the same error message so I'm in limbo with this issue. Fyi I was just using the app yesterday with no problem, so surely this is some sort of glitch. Now I have no idea if the people I've texted off of the app will be able to send replies to me.	bug report
Feedback regarding HTC Incredible 2. Works partially. Unable to achieve two way video. One way only. Would appreciate correcting this issue. Thanks.	bug report
coukd use more features like a shift posting section or a filter for unwanted messages	feature request
The app works when it decides to. Calls may disconnect and number changes to frequently. But all previous conversation and contacts are saved	bug report
It's ok. I don't get alerts without WiFi which is annoying but I figured it's my phone.	irrelevant information
Best app for what it does	irrelevant information
As a user of discord since 2016, the mobile ui update is a mess of accessibility, visual appeal, and quality of use. Changing every button results in misclicks frequently. It's harder to get from place to place when it used to be quite easy. The dark theme has always been a nice shade, while the midnight theme hurt mine, and many others eyes. The current dark theme steering more towards the midnight theme causes issues for accessibility for those who can't look at the color palette for long.	feature request
Great app. Like the look and feel. Also the gallery, event calendar and polling. Only negative is lack of ability to send voice recordings.	feature request
Somerines sound is delayed	bug report
Resent updates really made the app rock. Earlier problems are now gone. Good job :)	irrelevant information
They should have left the app as it was without involving direct messages to the phone !	feature request
I hate it just because my old tablet has the same password it sings password does not match and it's frustrating and there's a better app	bug report
Very complicated to set up	feature request
The newest update is ridiculous on mobile. It doesn't look anything like discord and is extremely annoying to navigate. If there was an option to change to the old display, it would've been done in a heartbeat. I find discord breaks a lot more and the lag is way worse than previously. I can't even open any pins in any channels because discord crashes. The new update was not worth the trouble they went through to make it. I do personally hope they berid of this layout and go back to the original.	feature request
It's very bad I don't know why it's not signing in anymore	bug report
I would give 5 stars but I feel like its not worth al 5 because it drops CALLS WAY TO MUCH... an I feel like it makes u change numbers way to much as well it should wait at least 3 months before it gives your number to someone else. Will update if it gets better this time. But I really don't see it getting any better..	bug report
The current UI system has pretty bad performance. My app updates are manual so I was running the old one for quite some time. Didn't anticipate just how slow and laggy it would be after updating.	bug report
Not reliable. It drops calls all the time, tells you that you have no wifi when you have great wifi, you hear echos on some phone conversations, if you get pissed off at the app during a phone call it drops your call. This app needs ALOT of work.	bug report
Frustrating at times and not user-friendly for new app users.	irrelevant information
My connection is good but why does it say connecting like my wifi is good I tried everything from reinstalling and changing DNS but it's not working	bug report
The great app text anyone from internet for free but the pop up and r horrible	bug report
the best of phone service 5 star's Leroy.g	irrelevant information
My update is always delayed tho im a beta user	bug report
I will be able to	irrelevant information
I've been using this for almost a year.It's a really great app. One issue is when I try to make calls it tells me that the number that I'm trying to dial is invalid. Also, I've done some of the surveys and whatnot for the free minutes and they never add the minutes! It's really frustrating after going through the whole process and not getting them. It's just a waste of time! If they could get these two issues fixed I would definitely rate it five stars but at this time the best I can give it is three stars.	bug report
I love this app and use it daily but for the past several months I haven't been able to use voice to text. It works everywhere else but Discord. When I press the voice-to-text button, the little microphone appears at the bottom for a split second then disappears. It's very frustrating.	bug report
---edit--- after some recent update, Skype video call now heats my phone to 55°C, after 1h of talk amazing	bug report
Why are there 2 search bars and only one of them works???	bug report
I can't open my Skype account now . Can someone help me out on this pls	bug report
Worked flawlessly until today. Now I can't access anything at all without the app crashing. Uninstalled and reinstalled and lost all data, while still experiencing the crash issue. Piss poor.	bug report
Phone service is not the greatest but good for texting	irrelevant information
Started out with everything great, I don't remember agreeing to pay $14/mo's at anytime but I did lock in my number for $6 per year. I'm now getting threats of no service at all for the missed payment. Dropped calls, voice transcripts are always blank and message history doesn't go back very far. I really don't want a monthly commitment and was hoping to avoid the letters that make me feel bad for being poor. Good thing I locked in a number I can't afford any longer.	bug report
Trash. Recent update wiped all my chats, talked to support and they told me to log out and log back in only to find my account wiped clean. Went back and forth woth support for a whole week and they couldn't do anything. Straight trash.	bug report
This is a great app as long as you don't get hacked Then its impossible to do any recovery.	bug report
My work utilizes this all the time and it's a great way to keep in touch	irrelevant information
thanks for this apps we always have communication when.i nearly lost his account they will you to find it solve it at anytime	irrelevant information
Works well especially helpful for iPhone users that can't handle large groups. Has been extremely helpful coordinating hurricane Michael relief teams efforts, before we had to send multiple messages to reach upwards of 30 volunteers. Only problem we have found is if a recipient fails to acknowledge a post their name is removed from future messages, that is reason for a 4.	feature request
Would not take my birthday so I couldn't finish signing in😥	bug report
i try upload 4mb video but app think 8mb video	bug report
Its sucks sometimes especially when its load to muchh	bug report
Wonderful its a app which slayss.	irrelevant information
It totally sucks I dont get notifications and when trying to check my credit card the numbers I punch in dont register and I cant get.my balance , dont like this app,.. fix it	bug report
Being the best man I can be	irrelevant information
Sorry but the new UI just isn't for me and not having an option to change it back makes me want to switch to something else	feature request
Buggy and frustrating to use, if I were to get a dollar everytime I have to restart the app to use it I will start a youtube channel giving people money on youtube.	bug report
need to make a phone call...but you have no cell network set up..or didn't pay your bill...then try this app. as long as you are using wifi, you have a phone. it's even useful for things like when you are job searching, it keeps records of all of your calls and voicemails. you CAN text too.	irrelevant information
Absolutely not. The new username update sucks so much. They changed my username to numbers and will NOT let me change it back this update was a terrible idea, and it should be removed immediately.	bug report
the new format... dear god the new format....	feature request
Started getting spammed with porn sites. Deleting.	bug report
1st time using it, seems OK, good way to keep in touch 👍	irrelevant information
Hi everyone, I've use this app for a while, and lately it crashes a lot Any reason for this?	bug report
Too much glitchy in android	bug report
Fantastic app, but today out of nowhere I had to get a new number. No warnings, no problems, and the number had been in use.	bug report
After adding Bing powered by GPT to Skype. The Skype became powerful	feature request
I like it, but I don't like how you have to respond or like messages frequently or it boots you out of the chat. I'm always panicked I'll get kicked out of the message thread if I don't respond every time someone posts.	bug report
Doesn't work!!! A real waste of time!!!	bug report
Lost my account BC of this	bug report
I think discord is a really good app to chat with ppl and make friends online. But there are some games that are laggy like youtube like it would freeze my screen sometimes but still i like the game just do something with youtube on there byee🍉	feature request
This is a great way to chat with people for work, but after downloading it and using it for a few weeks, it just eats up my battery like crazy! I've turned off all the notifications and everything. But it still sucks my phone dry.	bug report
It's not free. Confirmation and verification text codes are blocked unless you pay $10/month.	irrelevant information
Quick and easy way to contact with my co-workers	irrelevant information
Discord on desktop is absolutely great, I'd highly recommend it. But the mobile app isn't very optimised and it's super broken in its current state.	bug report
I'm using this to share friends' prayer requests and a second one for kids and parents who are going to France with me this summer. It's an excellent communication tool.	irrelevant information
Why do I have to add a number to my contacts to send a text to it? Ads pay for free versions but no need to be overrun. Notifications still push after deselecting them.	bug report
It's an good app but the constant bad changes made+the money hungry features they keep adding are worthless and the layout change was probably the worst decision they could have made	feature request
It connects us as a family and allows us to update each other on happenings in each of our lives. It's very user friendly and in real time!	irrelevant information
The app itself is good, u can talk go others and have fun in it, though u do need to be careful of the bad side, I removed three starts because the actual discord moderation sucks. For an example, if u said '' I'm 1'' and if someone reported that, u would get banned for underage even if u aren't. I feel like the moderation could be better since I lost three accounts due to it, and couldn't get them back because Noone replied to me.	bug report
Its very serviceable and a pleasure to us	irrelevant information
because of sweedan	irrelevant information
good not a fan of the new looks, then again, I get confused easy so idrc. everyone reading this - have a great day	irrelevant information
This app is only really good in emergencies IF there is WIFI. Text features are behind a paywall and is only really good for simple texts and calls. It doesn't support using numbers for account verification without paying to unlock it. That's fine, they need to recoup dev costs somehow but it's not listed on the store page and I think that's misleading. tldr: NOT FREE IF YOURE LOOKING TO VERIFY AN ACCOUNT, good for emergencies only, huge data hog, 2/5	bug report
Redoing my past review: The new layout is absolutly horrible. Why did you remove the old colour scheme, the new one is pain for the eyes the contrast is just bad, BAD. Additionally why did you make that UI so unecessarily complex. It was perfect before, revert this update. It's not too late yet. LISTEN FOR ONCE PLEASE. NOBODY ASKED FOR IT. Or atleast give us an old UI option! I am close to installing an old APK or going mobile webbrowser discord. It's the worst time I ever had with your app.	feature request
i would rate 3.5 but you cant so i gave it three stars. it is a good app it is pretty laggy but that is mostly my phone and internet, there are a lot of ads but everything i am using it for is free. i have not tried calling yet but im sure if i needed to it would work. im definately gonna keep it around.	irrelevant information
Poor calling quality and also app doesn't go off most of time when a call comes thru or a text. It can be better	bug report
Everytime I opened the app it would start a call that wouldn't end until I	bug report
Bets call and voice app to chat with friends and gamers. Edit: amongus in real life?	irrelevant information
Great way to stay in touch with a group. Used for daughter's cheer for a couple of years.	irrelevant information
I actually really like most updates to the app! Discord does a good job, better than most. Updates consistently add value, very much appreciated.	irrelevant information
I love this app. Better to use than other apps. Thanks to introduced this	irrelevant information
Flawed updates and repeaters updates. Still receiving screwed up updates from Google play store!	bug report
Took over 30 min to update	bug report
Has development stopped on Skype? Bugs and glitches are now a persistent problem.	bug report
Pretty good; would like to be able to edit after posting, and to do a text search on a thread.	feature request
I have a issue in this, this app is too slow and this app images are not looking as the same way for me in the mobile.. It's not at all as per the image.. Keep the design for all the mobile version.. My mobile ui of Skype is too bad.. And I don't like to use it.. Please check and fix it soon..	bug report
Sometimes it sucks when your calls won't go through	bug report
Hey hey hey	irrelevant information
I love these app very well great app	irrelevant information
Fix this!!. I've been getting a lot of lagging, and crashing recently, and my account got disabled.	bug report
I Downloaded this App Because "Elon Musk" Said me to use this.	irrelevant information
App doesn't ring half the time. And it has permissions. I miss tons of calls, and this is a back up #. So frustrated.	bug report
Used this application for Craigslist and after responding to multiple text messages I got the error message = "Your account is limited at this time. Your usage has violated our Terms of Use. Outgoing calls and texts will be limited only to emergency services during this time. You may still receive incoming calls and texts."	bug report
This is a good Community app ever	irrelevant information
Skype -- Good app for communication, trusted owner (except the NSA Matter), some very useful & unique features, good voice & video quality. Disadvantage: Shows advertise, end-to-end encryption is optional-not primary. User Interface (UI) is slower than competitors (primary concern for me) and power (battery) consumption is too high both for phone & pc (while on battery) while making video calls and I compared it with some other apps which I also use for checking battery usage.	feature request
It's very security system is very good and please update video call clearly audio call it's very good	feature request
I HAVE NEVER GIVEN PERMISSION TO CHARGED MONTH BY MONTH...IS A SHAME....	bug report
It was ok before I did the update. After the update it stopped notifying me of texts and now I can't even receive texts at all. Not good.	bug report
All I want to do is cancel my subscription. Its not showing in my app store and thats apparently the only way to do it. How convenient.	bug report
Makes it easy to stay in the loop	irrelevant information
Sends texts but not receiving them now. It's useless if it doesn't send AND receive	bug report
Fine for a month	irrelevant information
Stops for no reason when I check contact information under members will also occasionally not open at all	bug report
I feel like good ol discord has gotten progressively worse over the last few years, but things are getting so bad that the app is barely usable at this point. Sometimes the client will just crash outright, straightaway on startup. Sometimes the ui won't load correctly and everything will get hydraulic pressed into the middle of the screen. Sometimes it doesn't connect to the server and I'll have to restart the app a few times. It's really annoying how unstable things are now	bug report
Of to a great start with this app! I like it cause it is simple layout and easy to use. Just started using it but love the features and very secure.	irrelevant information
The layout of absolutely horrible, I can't find anything now, something that was only a 1 tap has turned into a whole essay of trying to find it... this app really did peak in 2020 to 2022, then used it to the advantage of adding evreything to nitro just like snapchat...	feature request
Its good. But i hate the face that when ur account gets deleted or ur logged out even when u dont know then when u contact them they will just say to create s new account which is just bad	bug report
Drops calls; tries to assign itself as the default. Otherwise, excellent for two step verification.	bug report
You can't get codes for like apps and stuff unless you pay	feature request
Please revert back to the old UI. The one before was perfectly fine, this one is just obnoxious to navigate	feature request
Wish it worked without WiFi. and the calls sometimes lose signal. Other than that, good app 😅	feature request
Boring u can't even call	bug report
It is amazing! I hope one day i will be able to download it :)	irrelevant information
Some people can't hear me good	bug report
Lately voice recordings are not playing back on my phone. Only on my computer. Definitely decreases functionality.	bug report
The most weaker app for massaging I have ever seen	bug report
I absolutely hate the new look for the mobile app, i find it confusing, and the background makes it hard on my eyes to read. Everything was fine with the original, it should be changed back.	feature request
I enjoy the app. I spend hours enjoying the games.	irrelevant information
Revised review because Discord popped up a "Enjoying Discord? Please leave a review" message. Nothing has changed, the UI update is still hot garbage, and the app is still a lot less stable than it used to be. Original review follows: The latest update completely shook up the UI and layout, broke search, slowed down DMs massively, introduced a ton of input related issues, and just generally made it a worse experience. They need to roll this back QUICK.	bug report
FRAUD ALERT! I have been trying to cancel my subscription, however, the app will NOT show up under subscription on my Play account in app or browser and the App does not allow you to cancel in App. I have reached out multiple times and for 5 months they have continued to charge me. The app was horrible for call quality and I instantly started receiving several dozen spam calls a week on top of this PAYMENT SCAMMING! Absolutely ridiculous behavior and unacceptable.	bug report
please fix the voice recording for android- i cannot be heard if i try speaking even directly into my mic ( i sound perfectly normal in sound recording on my phone, not a device problem), many people seem to have an issue with this	bug report
Not too happy with this app! You can't check your VM or codes unless you pay an onGodly price per week!	bug report
Being able to add a Large group of people to this app is awesome! We can all see responses at once!	feature request
Used to be great, now one star due to removal of SMS functionality. My direct family are now the only contacts I have using it.	bug report
Its was great before the latest change. On mobile it was verry intuative, and easy to access the info you wanted to. Now with the new mobile version of discord it has made it worse to use. Please revert back and quit changing things.	feature request
Better and secure i.g.	irrelevant information
Now days Skype do lots of problem	bug report
Really need to fix your receive texting area. The update made it to where I can send out, but not receive. Fix!!!	bug report
I don't use this sight	irrelevant information
Updates seem to make the app less user friendly. Changing core parts of navigation drastically and overall for worse. Older discord was better, and way faster and easier to use. Navigating to certain areas now is slower and harder.	feature request
The new update is horrible. I can't see who messaged me, it takes several seconds for the app to even load, getting to voice chat text channels is worse and it's just a stupid update overall. Like why does it look so different than the desktop app now? What was the point? The old app was FINE.	bug report
The desktop version is much better, and (IIRC) has a few features mobile doesn't. Another thing is the UI overhaul looks terrible, hence why I haven't updated the app since my friend messaged me regarding the change. If you have not updated this app since this change was enacted DO NOT UPDATE IT.	feature request
If free i give 5 star, hahaha	irrelevant information
"Account not created because abuse detected." Its my first time downloading this app.	bug report
Easy to use, but very buggy.	bug report
The update sucks. Its hard to navigate, loved the previous set up and im sure ill get used to it but still. Its not great and changes the hue of the darkmode on some phones?	feature request
Updating my review to state that this app is not available as an Android auto app but it is still sending notifications through Android auto. Other apps don't do this and there is seemingly no way to prevent this from happening unless you disable notifications for the entirety of discord on the phone. I want the notifications on the phone but not coming through Android auto.	feature request
Why is every "update" a dumpster fire on Android? Stop changing the UI. Bring back simple swipe commands. Update on December 7th, 2023 1/10	feature request
Very good Very good wonderful app I can't give you 5 because theres space for improvement	feature request
Between the forced username change and the layout change, I no longer have any faith in Discord's management or leadership. It will continue to get worse, and eventually some new app will kill it just as it killed Skype.	feature request
I love it, how can I get my old number back	feature request
It's been freezing a lot lately. Unable to upload pictures. Had to remove and install again.	bug report
SCAM!!! READ THROUGH Tried to log in, and I can't do it. My account was disabled for "violating terms of service." I did nothing to do so. I filed an appeal a whole month ago and have yet to receive a response. This is pathetic! : I get a response, and it is blatantly clear that my review was NOT EVEN READ! Tried again. this time, creating a new account. FLAGGED FOR A VIOLATION THAT NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER HAPPENED! THIS APP IS A COMPLETE SCAM!	bug report
Can improve on voice mailing	feature request
Very good and simple to understand	irrelevant information
Get only scammers mainly from Tiktok. Privacy deserves 5 stars . uninstalling.	irrelevant information
Works fine. It is just a worse version of other chat apps like Discord so I gotta knock its rating.	irrelevant information
Choppy screaching sounds	bug report
I don't like it because when I was trying to get the verification email it didn't send.	bug report
The functionality of this app is lightyears behind its competitors. Inviting users to a group is glitchy. In a chat if you upload a wrong photo by mistake, there's no way to remove it. Adding or removing anything from chat should be a basic function, at least for a chat admin.	feature request
I'm unable to create a new account on Skype? It shows error	bug report
Calls and texts dont aways go thro	bug report
Always cool way to communicate.	irrelevant information
Love all the way	irrelevant information
it's no better than your texting app soooooooo yeah	irrelevant information
Doesn't work... probably scammy.	bug report
Great app on chrome it's a five star I use this app	irrelevant information
my ex is harassing me on this texting app	irrelevant information
Helps me communicate faster with my job and overtime offers.	irrelevant information
I still have money on it to call, but it doesn't let me... call. So, I uninstall and installed it. Now, it doesn't let me sign in. Sad.	bug report
wont allow me to share pics unless im on wifi	bug report
The new update is unintuitive, slow, and confusing. It's just big, bubbly and unnecessary. I no longer receive notifications of messages from friends, no matter what I do. Ridiculous.	bug report
When it works it's great, but it usually doesn't. I won't talk about the desktop app which is equally as buggy. Me and my friends physically cannot send images on mobile - ive tried uninstalling and reinstalling. other apps still work fine for image sending if you only want to use this for messaging it mostly works, but if you ever want to use it for images or video sending, unless you have a link to the image, it's a 50/50 shot on whether or not the apps willing to function this time	bug report
This app was great when I downloaded it a year ago. I recommended it to all my friends! But lately it's not receiving calls or even dialing calls.. just texting. I see many other people are having this same issue. I have the app updated and made sure all the permissions are on. So I don't know what the problem is. Tried calls on three different devices. Dials in silence. Does not even ring when I call from another phone number. Please look into these complaints textnow. The app used to be great!	bug report
would be nice if calling was also free	feature request
to get fixed? I assume it's a bug, but are you guys working on it?	bug report
Two ticks Delivery confirmation not working. it will visible only one tick..	bug report
just difficult to install	irrelevant information
Love the app!! Don't really like the new voice message It's still a really good app!	feature request
Edit; this app isn't working anymore. I'm not getting notifications and images/gifs won't load. I was hoping it was a connection issue, but after speaking to others I know I'm not alone. Please make this a usable app again.	bug report
I loved this app! Sucks that they are getting rid of the SMS portion. I like having all my texts in one place whether they were secure or not. I will be uninstalling. Hopefully it comes back.	feature request
It is a good app! I love calling and texting on this app! It has loads of great feature like making a poll and more! But I have some negative reviews. When I call my friend and I share my screen me and my friend get really laggy and we both cut out! Also sometimes we both are on hold for no reason and then we hang up again! And the texting glitches alot and it is really annoying! I do love this app but Skype? Can you PLEASEEE fix these bugs? It would mean alot! Bye!	bug report
Used to work great, with the new updates the messages keep showing previous chats, profiles won't load, or sometimes channels disappear entirely.	bug report
I take my online classes for more than 8myears and the experience was superb!	irrelevant information
This is the worst app I've ever used. Drops calls always echoes hardly ever works correctly and you have to earn or buy minutes.	bug report
Great app, but I did found 2 issues: 1. Doesn't receive texts from so called short code numbers, like bank text messaging system or store order update etc 2. If I am a group chat originator, the group gets scrambled texts.  Although it doesn't happen when I participate in group chat originated by someone else	bug report
I would give a 5, except there's no way to delete conversations. Only hide them. other than that, it works great for communicating with my sports teams that I coach, or with a group a friends.	feature request
This Amezing Aap Thanks you so much..signal.Aap Love ❤ 😍 you*	irrelevant information
that way. Actually it doesn't work any way! Disappointed af!!	bug report
After the new update, it's hard to do anything in discord. Pls bring back to old discord	feature request
This app is perfect for keeping in touch with classmates or a group of friends who live near and far. It allows us to plan an outing with ease or just to say hi to everyone at once.	irrelevant information
glitchy, laggy, and now y'all ruined amoled darkmode too.	bug report
Would like to share longer video's	feature request
Signal strength can sometimes interfere with hearing 1 another.	bug report
This app does not work! I have been on an endless email chain with their very sketchy support team and gotten nowhere fast in trying to reaccess my account. I have used this app for years, but now I can't because of my new device (OnePlus 7 Pro). I am required to use this for work, and it simply does not work. I can't send messages. Loading takes forever. I've uninstalled and reinstalled thousands of times. I can't login as it won't send a PIN to my phone number. Microsoft needs to fix this app.	bug report
Full of bugs, not optimised for Android disconnects from VC or audio bugs out and we have to reconnect everytime to fix it, this issue is now for quite awhile like 4 years so...	bug report
The app worked great untill about a few days ago where it said my number was replaced and then it said there were no available numbers at the. I tried repeating the process to re-sign up but it just kept saying error. Otherwise app worked great.	bug report
great little app	irrelevant information
Been using this app since 1 and half years and The experience was also great , i am blessed to find this app. But , i have been facing some bugs lately 1. the problem with appearance - i think , that this problem is only happening with miui 12 users , When i turn on light mode , the display turns more darker which is alright but when i use the spoiler command and tap the texts , it doesn't show the text and , the text is slightly visible but it's hard to identify it.hope you'll fix this issue🗿.	bug report
I having problems on my accounti can't open it.. They said I need to fix it but is not working.. Also said I'm sign out but I never did.. Why like this	bug report
This app is helpful and nice to have...but, I have 2 complaints: when I try to call somewhere that has a system to dial the extention you want, the sound of the # does not end, so I have to hang up. Also, this app drops a lot of calls.	bug report
I like the app. But I'm register or sign back it went from beginning. Please help me to bring my account marie09796.	bug report
Don't need, don't use and can't remove	feature request
Good app. Easy to use. Very basic. Would be nice if it offered a few more features such as being able to delete and edit messages. Should also be able to do more than just "like" a message, i.e. laugh, show care/concern, etc.	feature request
No ads	irrelevant information
Nothing special. I use it when others require it to text.	irrelevant information
Worst performance day by day. Slowest on my Xiaomi Redmi Note 9 Pro. With 5 applicatios install Only...tapping on notification tray opens the message after 2 to 3 minutes 😡😡😡...wow... WTH is this and other applications working fast...	bug report
What have you done guys? Today update broken	bug report
I didn't never know about this app so far it's very good	irrelevant information
No problems yet, another very good messenger that's effective for work. The fact that they have minimal to no ads is a huge plus when trying to navigate through the app	irrelevant information
When I first downloaded this app everything worked perfectly. Fast forward to the current times where I don't get any notifications for any messages, I have to open and close the app 2-3 times before it will even work and messages only come through half of the time. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app thinking that would help but no. I have reached out to customer service only to get an automated message stating that they are really back up and can't help right now.	bug report
If my number is wanted by a money paying client, viola vamos??😢 lost my mom's last messages to me, pics of family I don't have physical copies etc, wish I could listen to those	irrelevant information
Its okay but The call quality and it gives you ads that you have to pay to get rid of.	bug report
Love this app using it for a large group and it work out better than text messaging	irrelevant information
Dumb app won't let me do nothing waist of time and money even tho it's free and there are so many ads it's forcing me to try to download something every 30 seconds what if people do not want to pay so it's a complete scam sometimes that's all I have to say I mean you have to buy the premium so that you won't have added it just pay but they're already making money after showing so many ads it's annoying stop with the ads I'm not paying for it and I'm never going to pay for this app so stop adds	bug report
it takes forever to load but cool	bug report
Better than Whatsapp in terms of storage and performance is a bit slower than Whatsapp. I like the cloud storage network and as I don't have to worry about an data lose if I were to switch to a new phone 👍 😁	irrelevant information
Practical when banned from dating apps	irrelevant information
I once loved skype. Skype recently introduced a slew of new features, that I personally could not care less about if I tried my very hardest. I want video calling, and that's it. Video quality was never great, but at least it semi functioned. Sure most of my incoming video looked like 90s Mario, but at least i could hold together my long distance relationship with princess peach. Now calls won't process and I've moved on to other apps	bug report
On Galaxy S5, im not getting any notifications for any of my groups. On prior phones however worked fine... if fixed, ill update my score	bug report
My Discord mobile experience has always been iffy: lagging at random times, difficulty with sharing pictures, overall not having a smooth time. This recent update has made me leave this review. I like the new settings menu, but there's too much unused space and no way to compact it. I wish the swipe to reply was optional. The search function is even harder to navigate. And everything else feels like change for tge sake of change. This update is confusing, and pre-existing issues still exist.	feature request
They got rid of super dark AMOLED mode	feature request
its fine but most of the its not working and always	bug report
Absolute buggy mess as of now and old controls got replaced with completely inconvenient ones.	bug report
It appears good.	irrelevant information
Upgrade to get verification codes? Seriously?? I'm just trying to get a job	feature request
The app is killing my phone performance. Can you please release a slim version of Skype?	bug report
Bring multiple accounts to discord mobile as well. It's convenient on the desktop version and I honestly don't see why it hasn't been brought to the mobile version yet.	feature request
Update fixed the notifications issue but not the picture issue. Please fix. I'm using an lg optimus straighttalk phone that no longer has service. Before the update, I could send and recieve pics. Now I can't. Please fix and I will give 1000 stars. This app saved my life.	bug report
Whatever	irrelevant information
Doesn't ring when when your getting a call.	bug report
The app won't open anymore can someone help me please &lt;/3	bug report
Too many adds pop up, especially when your trying to get a text off.Interuptions cut your ability to see what your texting.	bug report
Why does it start every time even when I have force stopped it. Should I uninstall it? If I don't want to use it, it shouldn't start by itself.	bug report
Good app. Stopped sending text alert though	bug report
Not The best Program Skype !!!	irrelevant information
Its stupid you need to have a Facebook account to sign up	feature request
I don't buy service anymore for mobile devices,but using this has been an unforgettable experience.	irrelevant information
Cannot add or delete people easily.	feature request
Ads everywhere, even in your message inbox just to much	bug report
Text crashes constantly. Calls even with an excellent signal are sketchy and unreliable. it's basically an ad machine with a barely functioning app attached to it. Nobody in their right mind would pay for this app. Especially considering they are selling all your information. I have uninstalled and reinstalled twice. The problem is not with the users it's a system problem caused by flash ad overload. Gotta get people to like a functional app before you Zuckerberg them.	bug report
Would be great if you can delete conversations instead of hiding them. They come back each time u get a new device. Also need the ability to remove pics from shared gallery.	feature request
Some ppl don't get text, have to install app over and over cause sometimes it just opens up nd say loading and I can't txt	bug report
I'm dropping to 3 stars so far great app like always sadly I can't redeem nitro codes in here I don't use a PC so it's frustrating to me to not able to redeem them	feature request
It's a wonderful communicating app, almost all my online friends have it, it's becoming easier to talk to my long distance friends! The only thing I hate about this is the fact that the user thingyy changed, pedophiles have been interacting with me quite often, although I always block them, it's quite uncomfortable for me..	feature request
It lags after a couple of uses. The calling doesn't always work. Takes forever to send a message or get to the dial pad to make a phone call.	bug report
Latest version is completely unreliable. Chats open in the wrong room or sever. IF the correct chat opens, it opens in the wrong place or won't show the most recent posts. It's impossibly frustrating and confusing!! It USED to be good!	bug report
Great app and easy to use. Love the privacy options and security.	irrelevant information
the shared stream and the video calls won't work	bug report
Good chatting app and very intuitive.	irrelevant information
not my fav group chat app but def useful and easy to use.	irrelevant information
The GOOD: Great App. Own phone number. Call Can/US/Mex. Watch 15-30s ads for more minutes. Text Messaging. The BAD: The app on my device is not even open and I am getting pop up ads. Sometimes during a call one party will stop being able to hear the other.	bug report
Lured in by the convenience of integrated SMS/MMS messaging and now Signal are dropping this for no sensible reason. Will soon be a useless app for communicating with most of your contacts with a tiny userbase.	feature request
Runs really slow in the phone, used the be faster. With every update they are making it worse	bug report
Very good for communication	irrelevant information
Don't get me wrong but this is a great calling/texting service but only I can send people messages and calls but I can recive any of them.	bug report
Have hard time adding new people	bug report
Ye bohut acha app	irrelevant information
The newest update happened unintentionally for me, and it is so cheeks cause it stinks, seriously changing pretty much everything and making it so it's not an improvement, somehow search features are worse, it crashes and is so slow.	bug report
This app used to work well for me, but now for some reason I cannot see my incoming calls. The phone rings but doesn't show me a notification/screen to even answer the call. It only shows "Missed Call"/”Voicemail", after it's stopped ringing. I've updated the app, uninstalled and reinstalled about 4-5 times and I'm still experiencing this issue. Please fix and I'd give a better rating because I do like this app and I don't want to have to uninstall it and find another one. Thanks in advance.	bug report
One of the best oldschool telecommunication apps that revolutionized video-calling and teleconferencing concepts. Still the best for what it's made for. Brilliant!	irrelevant information
Comes in handy but needs some workl	irrelevant information
I would like you to add an option for auto-generating banner colours, because it's not there and I kind of regret adjusting the colour of the banner now because it's just the same colour whenever I change the profile picture. Please, consider doing so, it would be much better! Thank you so much!	feature request
Great app to text on	irrelevant information
this is great when you're senior no house phone	irrelevant information
We all knows Skype is Good in IM & VC, But i am facing app crashing issues when i open parallel Skype, i am using parallel Skype in my OnePlus device, i have reinstall Skype and done all the basic troubleshootings but issue is not resolved. can you please fix it..	bug report
I HAD THIS APP AND IT WAS NO GOOD , AT THE BEGINNING IT WAS OK , BUT AFTER I HAD IT A LITTLE WHILE PEOPLE COULDNT HEAR ME. I COULD HEAR THEM BUT THEY COULDNT HEAR ME . THEN ALL OF THE SUDDEN IT SAID I RAN OUT OF MINUTES. I WAS HUH? . MIN I DONT EVEN PAY FOR ANYTHING. SO TO BUILD UP MIN I HAD TO KEEP WATCHING VIDEOS. VERY VERY ANNOYING. IT WOULD CUT ME OFF IN THE MIDDLE OF A CONVERSATION. VERY EMBARRASSING. I HAD ENOUGH OF THIS APP. HAD TO TAKE IT OFF. NOT ONE BIT HAPPY.	bug report
Why did discord change their layout for mobile, I dislike it a lot	feature request
Am sorry for giving this app 2 🌟 star,this app is the one of the best app am using before but about four or five weeks now that i lost my number and am trying to register another one it keeping login me out unnecessary	bug report
Every time I try to open my messages I just get the "loading" screen. I can't read my messages or anything. Its annoying. It would be a great app if it actually worked -_-	bug report
Since the new UI was introduced back to 2017, the initially laggish release has got improved with the time. Now it seems to respond well and vídeo and sound quality also have got improved significantly. I keep using the app and look forward to further improvements. Performance and reliability are critical.	irrelevant information
Every time your message gets deleted by someone else, discord crashes. Sometimes it crashes randomly by itself and sometimes when I load up the app none of the servers I'm in show up and it just says "connecting..." endlessly and the new visual changes made the app look a whole lot worse.	bug report
it's easy to use and fast	irrelevant information
Have not used it much	irrelevant information
The app crashes when I so much as try to send a picture or a message any longer than a sentence or two. My group only has 13 members, and it just doesn't work. It works alright on a computer, but at that rate, you might as well just use discord or something. Do not recommend.	bug report
Crashing on startup now.	bug report
Works properly	irrelevant information
Great tool to stay in touch with teams and groups!	irrelevant information
Recommending to all. I'm impressed!!	irrelevant information
Worked great until a recent UI update, which put the icons (to switch between DMs and servers/channels) at the bottom instead of the left side. Since then, the app is considerably less stable. I often have to swipe it away and restart it multiple times until I am able to send messages or share pictures with my contacts.	bug report
Excellent App for communication with excellent mobile and desktop versions	irrelevant information
Great..Best free app	irrelevant information
Terrible recently even using a emoji crashes the app why is it mobile or pc this program eats RAM	bug report
Over all discord is good but I deleted it and reinstated it and I won't let me login to my account it is great tho I asked some of my friends what my name was to see if a can get back in	bug report
When ever i want to face time it tells me that I have to	bug report
The update causes all the texts to send as doubles and keeps sending triples on my texts	bug report
The voice message feature feels like it was rolled out far too prematurely, and is extremely glitchy, even on reliable and fast home wifi. The app won't even send my voice messages if I am on my data, even with full service it won't even try and will repeatedly give me an error message even after deleted, I still get the notifications days later. The app itself is fine, I guess, but it's cool features only work like 60% of the time. I wish it was better.	bug report
Works seamlessly even for my non-technical family.	irrelevant information
open app. App is getting slower and start lagging heavily after is opened	bug report
kill the layout PLEASE WHAT THE HELL IS THIS!!!!!! AT LEAST LET US TOGGLE IT ON OR OFF	feature request
This is one of my best apps to hangout and chat with everyone, if wasn't the top	irrelevant information
i am fully satisfied with this app	irrelevant information
Honestly TextNow has always been my go to second line. Like when I give my number out signing up for stuff and don't want a million different scammers and sales people trying to con me out of money everyday! Lol it's never failed me so thank you and I highly recommend best part it's FREE! The only add I usually see is right after I hang up from a call.	irrelevant information
App crashes when I open stories	bug report
There is a problem with this app that does not display the online or offline status	bug report
the recent update is unnecessarily difficult to navigate. the UI is confusing, it's now harder to see who's online in a server, for some reason the pinned messages have been hidden, the app is too laggy most of the time to even use, and my phone now heats up so quickly after opening the app that it feels like it's one degree away from becoming molten lava. the app was fine the way it was, why are you actively making it worse?	bug report
I love the app! It's just really annoying for phone, I love it and everything it has. But.. I don't see like other accounts you know.. Like log in log out. Thank you for reading and have a good day	feature request
Is just writing error 9029	bug report
The app is too much slow. Please improve it. I have checked in many mobiles. It's always same. It's a painful app. It's 4.1 ratings then all are fake reviews.	bug report
Can't install on my fire tablet	bug report
I'm having trouble signing back in and it won't take me to my Skype account that I already created. I'm very unhappy with Skype	bug report
I am having issues with using speech to text the program is not putting all of my wording in there or it's taking parts of the sentence out and I don't see it till after I hit send	bug report
What a joke. Since the update when I close on one ad another one pops up,	bug report
this is amazing aap	irrelevant information
Would be much better if it were easy to earn minutes. Also can be very laggy. All in all good app though.	feature request
been using for years so convient	irrelevant information
I came here after WhatsApp new update, which I personally don't like. Because I use WhatsApp for messaging not following celebrity and liking their post.	irrelevant information
This version is so stupid!!!! It doesn't have an option for editing numbers of your contacts! Nor adding additional number to a contact... Please fix it!!! People changes their phone numbers you know!!!!	feature request
The discord team has earned my respect. (5 stars) 4/26/22 Changed rating because of current mobile accesibility. Changes made were a huge step backwards. I'll change my review again when its fixed.	feature request
Overall like the design of the app. Only complaints are from performance. Takes a long time to start, and sometimes crashes if you try tapping into something too quickly after startup.	bug report
everything is alright and all but there are a lot of bugs that happen on mobile 1. icons wont appear, the thing is when i open my discord icons wont appear like the channel #'s, discord logo, "joining public servers" icon and the making servers icon. 2. the images glitch, the images sometimes go farther on my screen which makes it bigger and when i click on that image it zooms in. 3. the recent videos i download dont appear when i check images.	bug report
This is the dumist app ever you have to get minutes by watching adds our you have to bye minutes! I really needed to call my parents but I had to get minutes and it capped on taking me to my home screen! Never get this app	bug report
Some things I wish could be changed using it on smartphones+PC's capabilities, Generally→I do miss some features it could have: "basically"an ability to ✅Multi-checkbox more posts even someones post then moving over to the appropriate chan. Feature's I wish it had→would be ability to multi-check several posts+many old posts to pick for deletions posts function which would be So much incredibly quicker instead of combing through multiple posts 1-by-1 your wanting to delete under your own Channels	feature request
Why in vedios call not seen my face	bug report
This app is great for working on projects and such, however sometimes the app doesn't give me notifications, which means I miss messages for several hours. This has become a real problem and I haven't been able to find a solution.	bug report
It doesn't install	bug report
Update forces new app layout, which is both an unnecessary change and far worse than the old one.	feature request
New UI is awful. It's a mess to navigate and on top of that there's issues with no longer being able to send images, it's laggy, and out right intolerable to be on.	bug report
Sometimes the pictures wont send and just gets stuck loading.	bug report
They downgraded this app with the new layout and removing AMOLED dark mode.	feature request
I like this app, but if you want to send a video it can only be for 1:00 minute.	feature request
Hard to join groups. They invite me, it says I'm in, but I'm not.	bug report
Makes you pay to receive verification numbers. Totally useless	bug report
Works good with my tablet	irrelevant information
Great app. HORRID update. The new layout has ruined the app for me and I'd love if the developers could either revert the update or add a setting to switch back. Will edit this review with a much higher rating if the update is reverted	feature request
working perfectly fine .... will recommend it... more better than WhatsApp.	irrelevant information
I really do like this app better than Whatsapp appearance wise, but I'm really disappointed that they're removing sms support, it was nice to have all my stuff in one place and now I have to change it to another app...	feature request
awful app. don't get it. installed as emergency replacement because my regular phone is out of minutes until I can get paid. i have somebody in the hospital in Iowa City. He is the only one I need to communicate with and this app won't allow me to do it. a waste of time. since I can't reply I am adding this to my review. i know this only works with WiFi. i downloaded a different app which gives unlimited text and calls and I don't need to watch 300 videos to collect 300 minutes that don't work	bug report
Works as a great text medium for our group.	irrelevant information
kills my battery have it because of work	bug report
Dont waste your time! There are totally free talk and text!	irrelevant information
The app is good but the only problem i have is i can't verify my email i click "resend email" then go to email but it doesn't send me it now i can't chat & talk with people☹️ discord is now useless to me becuse i can see what people say but i can't chat with them plz send me my email😭😭😭😭😭	bug report
The new UI changes are absolutely detrimental to a perfectly functioning app that was fine with previous UI changes The link you responded with does not even exist.	feature request
good at first, then calls start acting up weirdly, a little bit at a time then, a lot Big hassle for a replaceable app	bug report
Too much used high Resource and proccecing, it's makes so Slower, please make sure voip all traffic will upstream and downstreem with RTP over TLS and DTLS ,all types of Transaction and tramission over TLS & DTLS , please make sure it , we Billion people are waiting for this technology It would be great to use local country IP and RTP for voice improvement.Using local country IP and RTP for voice improvement like Bangladeshji local call will be use Bangladeshi local IP RTP	bug report
Hell hole but a good one	irrelevant information
opening them, and with navigation, where tapping on a user's photo to pull	feature request
I had difficulty connecting then when it said i was connected I still wasnt able to communicate through here. I get messages from here through text but my messages look like it sending but dont ever get noticed. I cant figure it out.	bug report
I am enjoying the tablet smartphone I just need to know how to delete some of the messages	feature request
Says free but can't view messages unless I pay	bug report
I do like the app however it reacently logged me out and wont let me logg back into my account because i dont remember the email i used anymore. Ive had it the numbee for some years	bug report
I'm a real fan of Signal - the app is recommended by a lot of people and I'm trying to get as many friends onto it as possible. It's refreshing to be treated like a human being by a messaging app, instead of something to be sold. I am a human, not a commodity.	irrelevant information
Absolutely atrocious after the new update. App is clunky as hell, lags, slow and buggy. I switched to Vendetta, this is beyond usable.	bug report
This app has been really useful for awhile now.. it's always a good idea to have a backup phone number... I had a few questions and the support was very helpful and courteous and I didn't have to wait to be connected unlike most actual phone companies.. I appreciate you guys for being solid since day one,, I salute you 🤘	irrelevant information
I payed for a year it's telling me I have no number or it expired even though I pay 6.99 for a year for this reason I'm changing my 5 * to a 1 really annoyed I've tried updating I've tried restarting phone everything won't let me choose my sign in option and sends me right to choosing phone numbers this is not cool a yr is a year not 3 month or so was supposed to keep my number now I've got to ask everyone I know to delete the number and give them a new one 🤬	bug report
Its just so complex and crahes at times. Dont recieve text in time.	bug report
I love this app, the best app out there for phone and texting without a network plan., For sure	irrelevant information
text now works pretty good for free but they give you an option to keep your own old phone number that you already have just for a low fee also I have some how added the same number from text now to 2 phone's and when I text on the one it appears on the other,when I get a call both phones ring,crazy right.so far its useful when you have wi-fi, you just have to deal with the adds. they give you an option to also get a sim card very cheap and you can decide to get rid of the adds .I like it	irrelevant information
Cannot send anything. Constantly losing network.	bug report
Works well on wifi network, but when I tried to activate the SIM card to use TextNow on the mobile network, it was not activated, I lost the access to my account, and four technical assistants could not help me. The worst is that now I cannot create a new account with TextNow nor with other similar apps. So, use the app on wifi network only, don't install the TextNow SIM card in your smartphone.	bug report
Portfolio Photographer	irrelevant information
It is so heavy for Windows desktop version	bug report
Ever since this app got the recent big update it WILL NOT WORK. I cannot open it. It works for less than a second then closes saying "sorry Skype isn't loading". Very disappointed	bug report
I'm know happy that my app has been fixed! I do recommend this for texting and chatting or even on a meeting. Good day!	irrelevant information
Great app. I've only used it for baseball teams. It makes it really easy for parents and coaches to communicate. The event feature is a good tool to notify parents of upcoming practices and games.	irrelevant information
Cant get the contacts list from mobile to make paid calls I had to copy paste the number in Skype for each contact	bug report
So Kay for keeping in touch, can't find out how to use it tho.	irrelevant information
brilliant, so I'm hanging on for an improvement!	irrelevant information
App charged me without actually doing anything	bug report
I can hear the other person on the other line, but they can't hear me. Bad!! Bad!! Bad!! Can't ever really talk. They can't ever hear me	bug report
It's good I just have a suggestion, you guys should add a new update that allows you to hide and unhide chats. Like even if you block someone or unfriend them you have an option to hide the chat so your not constantly seeing it. I just broke up w my boyfriend and I hate seeing his user pop up when I go to text my friends but I don't want to close the chat because of the memories so I'd rather have an option to hide it until I want to open it again	feature request
discord is a lovely app but I hate the fact that sometimes the video cracks. Ok I will	bug report
Great now my co workers get ahold of me easily thaaaaanks	irrelevant information
if u reasign a number please make sure u wipe other person info	irrelevant information
Your watch video button worked	bug report
My conversations keep defaulting to silent so I miss a ton if my messages. I'll go in and change it to a tone and then randomly later on it will revert back to silent. It's super annoying and I'm missing out on information I need to run my team.	bug report
ive been trying to down load this app to my laptop and it isnt wolking plz fixs it i have a very important phone call to make thanks	bug report
Why do i have to look for and install an older version just to get back to the old normal layout Why would you change something that literally noone disliked only to make it worse?	feature request
I'm a blind user and when signing up the only other option was a text option. It took me three tries to get a question right why are the questions difficult and why is there no audio challenge?	feature request
I really have had a great experience with text now	irrelevant information
Can't create an account and can't recover the account, loopping on the log screen...	bug report
It's seems more private.	irrelevant information
Bro I press settings and see ONE TINY BAR which is annoying as hell when I'm trying to invite friends	feature request
Once we connected there was absolutely NO issues at all! Which is more than I can say for my computer!!! 😡	irrelevant information
The app is okay so far thanks	irrelevant information
They charge you to receive verification codes by making you upgrade to premium to receive them. There are other apps that are free and don't charge for verification codes. Looks elsewhere first	feature request
Overall i like the app, especially since the browser on my phone dosnt support the website. But the last update (the one that removed the classic blue background/theme) is a little upsettting. Id personally like to either have a free theme added that has less contrast from text to background colors. (Like when a books pages yellow and take away the bright blinding white.) The old blue did this for us, but the new themes have no middle ground. Its kind of headache inducing	feature request
Pioneered a username system that made usernames more valuable to each individual and less valuable to everyone else. Then throws it away... Nice, what's next?	feature request
So I've been using this app forever and now all of the sudden when I call my bf i can't hear him and it's upsetting	bug report
4 and a half	irrelevant information
There are some issues in Voice messages, And there is only 4 set of stickers in signal and no animated stickers. Forwarding multiple messages as a group isn't possible. Still I am giving an 5 star.	feature request
New updated layout sucks, revert back for 5 Stars. "If it aint broken dont fix it." The layout before was perfect.	feature request
kept on saying i didnt have net i do high speed so this phone service is messed up	bug report
It always drops calls	bug report
Best app but the new ui is MASSIVE trash	feature request
Some people don't receive my messages.	bug report
Its not downloading and it takes too long to get me registered	bug report
App keeps crashing on MEmu Emulator. Please fix it in a later update to have a increased rating.	bug report
It just uninstalled itself. So.strange. sluggish just too heavy for a very basic simple messaging app, as heavy as a mobile banking app, even then much slower. It's faster to communicate using email	bug report
Discord has been lagging so badly aftet the update	bug report
Don't like having to sign in Everytime I want to reply with emojis or something	feature request
i love my homies which is why i'm giving this 4 stars but please let me use emojis again	irrelevant information
Removing SMS? Half of the reason why anyone uses this? See ya lol	feature request
Textfree app is ok..... But for the lat few days i have not gotten my minutes for watching videos....	bug report
I'd rather not be forced into the big borg brain 24/7 by my employer, however I need to eat and pay rent. I wish group me didn't exist because management at several companies see it as the perfect tool to micromanage and harass employees by remote control. You get caught in a catch 22 with it. It's constantly blowing up the more people are in a group. There are no filter or search tools like email. All around sucks.	irrelevant information
Sorry guys,  I prefer  WhatsApp!	irrelevant information
Absolute garbage. Text takes forever to send. Can't make groups.	bug report
Tring it all time and never give me number	bug report
Use this app will forever hack your phone	irrelevant information
I wish you specify which Nitro let you customize your profile.	feature request
rang. Literally, the app is now redundant for me until an update comes out	bug report
So, i get messages but it doesn't update my profile picture... I can't see	bug report
Not created account sign up problem and not available in my country too bad app not working	bug report
Great app haven't had a issue	irrelevant information
It's good but it won't let me send a message	bug report
very hard to login	bug report
My messages arrive a day later..please fix	bug report
We need share screen on xbox	feature request
Notifications never show up. Ads cause the app to lag severely. I regularly don't receive messages sent I me even after refreshing unless I force stop the app and reopen it. I've uninstalled and reinstalled three times and the problem still persists.	bug report
I HATE DISCORD 👹👹👹👹👹	irrelevant information
Great app to chat amongst friends. Dependable platform. Thanks!	irrelevant information
Wth is up with the new update?I have to reopen the app everytime I want to see a text and this new sideways slide is horrible	bug report
Please fix the voice to text feature. 99% of the time it doesn't work. Deleting the SMS support is a no go...without it why use Signal at all. Its a waste of memory.	bug report
Unfortunately this app won't import text messages from another app.	feature request
Love this app. I don't miss hangouts when I'm on the go!	irrelevant information
You have to pay for the phone number and no one have the time to watch some ads I prefer text now super easy set up and everything	feature request
Ur updates shucks bro this app is getting harder to use. I'd prefer the old ver of discord smh. Like wth is the username changing needa to be wait for 3days bro and only default font??	feature request
This app was good. After the update, the mobile app is straight up infuriating and barely functional for us server owners. I can't actually write down everything that's wrong with it here because there aren't enough characters in this tiny review section to cover everything.	bug report
Only me to enjoing and happy game solitare thanks.	irrelevant information
voice during video calls is not clear	bug report
App is fun to chat and meet with new people! There's just a problem, I haven't used my phone number but it says another user has. I can't talk on some servers because of this. Another thing, when making a new server and helping someone with it, there's just an issue. Only the owner can reorder roles and edit roles that have been selected as administrator. Although I've been given this role, I still can't do anything.	bug report
ABSOLUTELY JUST A HUGE SCAM AND CON SITE! WOMEN, IF THEY ARE REALLY WOMEN, AND NOT GUYS IN THE BASEMENT FLAUNTING THEIR PICTURES IF BEAUTIFUL WOMEN! I HAVE BEEN ASKED BY NO LESS THAN TENS OF WOMEN ASKING ME FOR A STEAM CARD, MONEY OR SUPPORT!! THIS AN EXTREMELY CORRUPT AND DECEPTIVE WEBSITE, IN MY HUMBLE OPINION!	irrelevant information
This is a great little app for communicating with lots of people!	irrelevant information
these have got to be the worst updates in discord history	bug report
The app worked fine before the new updates now I cant recieve messages people txt me but I dont see the message but they recieve my messages	bug report
I have tried to up date but it just says pending	bug report
It is ok. You should definitely use it if u dont have a real phone number but I do wish they had face time and less ads.	feature request
Was a good, reliable product. Now beginning to regularly crash.	bug report
I had to Uninstall the app and reinstall it to get it to work. The volume mixer definitely needs work on the mobile. Because I gotta turn people off. It does not turn them up on PC instead.	bug report
Works great when it does. However, what's the point of an app that is supposed to send you notifications when your friends message you, if such app log you out of your account all the time?... Each time I open it up, it asks for my login info AND my 2FA info as well. VERY annoying.	bug report
Good but if this app have a screen share option then it can be extraordinary app. overall experience in best... I am missing screen share option,, requesting to the developer to add such an option 😟😥	feature request
Cannot link to tablet. Can you make it linkable to an android tablet? I like the app but it would be nice to be able to "easily" link to an android tabet, not everyone uses an ipad.	feature request
Very good wish there was free calls too	feature request
Overall good. Sometimes messages don't show up. Some weird bugs sometimes.	bug report
Needs more features plus looks 10 years old	feature request
I think you should put maybe if you want to put only texting because people can chrack you😱😱😱😱😱	irrelevant information
easy to download and reliable to use in English Portuguese Spanish French & Swiss German languages.	irrelevant information
(Edited from 5 stars to 3) It's been a month now, and I'm still not used to the new layout. At first I thought it was a thing I'd get used to but it's just so unintuitive to navigate. Settings are hard to find, the member list is hidden away, you can't type filters into the search bar anymore, and swipe to reply is annoying and I never use it. it's just confusing and it went from enjoyable to use to a frequently annoying mess. Functionality is still there, so at least messaging still works.	feature request
Worst messaging app doesn't send or downloads literally annoy to send pictures because it won't send	bug report
I can't understand the new layout, as the other one was easier to understand. But a good app overall	feature request
Poor Login issue Please solve my problem 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏	bug report
Will not allow me to log in even after resetting password	bug report
This has been great for group texting as many of the people in our group have trouble with regular group texting. There are occasionally issues with a member not receiving these messages, but I feel like it's been a minute since that was an issue.	irrelevant information
video can be staticy	bug report
Signal is removing basic SMS support. Making this unusable as an all in one app.	feature request
Skype is such a thief, it suddenly changed its price from 22 cents to 78 cents.	irrelevant information
Direct messages will not send, will update review if they fix this issue	bug report
Sometimes are delays in receiving messages. However my phone is very old	bug report
Great experience, loving recent image update for iOS and Android	irrelevant information
I have had several calls at all hours of the day and not from inside the US or anyone I know and I have blocked them all but it is never ending!! Other wise a great app to use when you have WiFi but no cell service :)	bug report
this app works when it wants to. when I get a call people cant hear me. Get a different app. You'll thank me	bug report
When I first downloaded the app I got a text from GroupMe support and it said I won an iPhone 11 clearly a scam their platform is not secure	bug report
Revert this update. It's abhorrent.	feature request
Black screen most time at first. Then when it does show, i cant get the hands free speaker work. Most calls are about ruined by time everything starts functioning.	bug report
secured app	irrelevant information
Love the conversation are private very easy to use t believe in this app very comfortable with it I advise every one should try it	irrelevant information
The app updated today while I was in the middle of using it and the new layout is extremely user unfriendly. No longer can you keyword search in a dm to find a specific chat message, you are instead limited to media, pins, links, and files. They try to force you to swipe messages to reply while you scroll, and honestly the new layout just looks disorganized. The worst part is definitely the limited search options for dms.	feature request
The app used to work but some designer wanted to be a munch and changed everything and now it doesn't work. Put it back and take the L	bug report
Skype is like a gas station toilet, it's crapoy but it works sort of.	irrelevant information
Very halal app (sometimes)	irrelevant information
New update with the new ui is cheecks. It was so bad I just deleted the app	bug report
Waste of your time. Area code not working.	bug report
Discord randomly logged me out of nowhere,and it does the connecting glitch,Please help me get my account back. I've done most of the steps but they don't work,and Auth codes keep saying invalid.	bug report
Wow! Great app! I'm totally not being ironic or anything! You can always trust I say 😁	irrelevant information
The new update is very glitchy. Please fix the new bugs!	bug report
Not OTP receiving for login	bug report
doesnt workk on mahh fonee... itzz annoying too. I would delete it but I cant find mah itouchh.	bug report
stuck at how i can make calls with user name please help.	bug report
Could have better features an Higher quality	feature request
Notifications are not live, way delayed.	bug report
FEEDBACK HALP ME PLEASS UPDATE NOW	irrelevant information
i dont enjoy the people on this app	irrelevant information
For the frist time it was good but you have to keep improving	irrelevant information
Messaging is not working for me !	bug report
Constantly hear other conversations.	bug report
what is up with discord??? i can't log in with my accounts again!! i lost tow accounts!! 😡😡😡	bug report
Send or received apk cannot open bug in new skype update.	bug report
It's good at being descreet	irrelevant information
Great app to use so far it's been awesome cannot complain.	irrelevant information
Giant chats/calls bar appeared at bottom after most recent update. Waste of screen real estate. Let users disable it.	feature request
The Latest Update Is LITTERALY Discusting And I don't know how I can even used to it.	feature request
For some reason it's not downloading to my phone? Why is that	bug report
Absolute best for communication Edit: The new update is horrible! I don't want to learn where everything is again and it was better when it was like the pc version of discord and it looked much better and organised..	feature request
Never use it. This poll reminded me to delete.	irrelevant information
The notification in this app doesn't work	bug report
This app is useful for chat messages and that's about it. Voice chat is completely broken. Has issues with mic and speaker output. Either doesn't hear me or echoes, especially on speaker. Tested on multiple phones and tablets at this point. Issue has persisted over the course of years. New UI is INCREDIBLY slow. The layout makes some sense, but it takes like 5 seconds between each menu, which is completely unreasonable.	bug report
Good app but I hate hate hate that finding your friends in search was so complicated whyyyyy we wanted found our friends I hate discord that's why	feature request
I was blessed with the job first of all.The day I started I meant a new family of friends and I enjoyed 😊 even though it was hard , good work,it was aworkout!!,but when I ride by after I know I cleaned that's good!!!!!	irrelevant information
Best platform to communicate with known presons with that much features can't even imagine	irrelevant information
The mobile app is buggy with the dyno bot, when i use the command "?roles" my colored and personal roles are showing as blank and no color. I have tried several times to uninstall/reinstall the app but nothing works. PLEASE FIX THIS BUG	bug report
I can never experience seeing a video. It can be downloaded, but not watched	bug report
This app is how I made most of my friends and met my girlfriend Thank you Discord 👍	irrelevant information
I am using Redmi Note 7 and anytime I am on group calls my camera refuse to work. I can see the group members but they can't see me.	bug report
New version is horrible, not user friendly. It's a disaster	bug report
Best app for keeping in touch with your loved ones and very useful for office works .. but sometimes it doesn't shows the incoming message notification in mobile, untill we open the app. . otherwise best app.	bug report
absolutly disgusting ui	feature request
Discord is 9% Good?	irrelevant information
I keep trying to make a phonecall and it keeps dropping the line where I can hear them but they can not hear me this happen every call about 5 mins or less into the phone call and the same thing happens during incoming calls made it very frustrating because my messages were not getting across	bug report
It's good but got scammed out of $10 because the support said I gotta send them info and they'll refund but they haven't responded. So I've only got 2 days left to get a refund but support hasn't messaged back	bug report
SMS support has been removed so I will no longer be using the app.	feature request
Bad WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Good time talking with Friends	irrelevant information
I started receiving spam with no way to report it or stop it	bug report
I would give this app zero starts right now if possible. You took a perfectly fine app and decided to make it worse. the transitions between screens are janky and glitched, swiping causes a whole host of issues, it's incredibly easy to accidentally delete messages, the discord team needs to pull themselves together and fix this. Just go back to "mirroring desktop UI"	bug report
Some of my calls, No one can hear me or I can't them! But that's how Wi/Fi has always been, Say I'm in the garage out back 30' feet away from our computer inside the house and it will say no internet some times!? Spectrum is Garbage in Inverness FL tho!!! Thanks for the Sweet deal I bought a sim card hopefully that will help sum! Other than the signal being weak Your service is a life saver thank you from a person on Disability payments each month and can't hardly even pay rent and buy food. DR	bug report
Return old UI!	feature request
Gud to worse. Hangs all the time	bug report
Clips I have freeze constantly and make the app quit whenever I'm on PC it works fine it's just the phone version	bug report
Ever since the updates, discord has been so bad and terrible. When in call the color hurts my eyes cause it's too bright. When I'm connecting to the call it takes a long time in order for the other person to hear me.	bug report
App should be lightweight.... And optimized	feature request
Lots of good Info!	irrelevant information
This app worked really well, I could call text and send pictures. But there are A LOT of problems. First of all, the videos. I could only send 15 seconds of a video. Yet another one, their premium. Not only is it seemingly expensive, it spams you with pop ups constant. One more problem is the reasoning for account disabling. Several of my accounts have been disabled for the same reason, spamming my friend kept spamming me g do I did it back and my account got disabled. Please re enable my acc	bug report
On my new phone, cant. On my old phone and everyone elses it would have a huge delay between voices, like I would say something and it would reach the other party about 3-4 seconds later. It's almost unusable except in emergency	bug report
Lately I've found that in being added to recent groups and creating groups, I will add people or be added but then the group never works. I've been receiving notifications that say I've been added to a group but then can not find or open that group and furthermore, the same seems to be happening to people who I've added to groups. I hope this gets fixed, as I've previously very much enjoyed the app.	bug report
it's good but I keep getting a pop up which says "Oh no! an error occurred with your purchase" even though I didn't buy anything	bug report
I give it a 4 out of five stars because sometimes it glitches or just freezes to where u have to click the power button to turn it off and back on so it's sometimes sort of a struggle	bug report
New UI feels unproductive and clunky compared to the previous version.	feature request
Once it's setup, it's easier to use than group texting as everyone seems to receive the texts and attachments now.	irrelevant information
Every time I try to call someone no matter where I am I get poor quality voice it breaks up every time I talk	bug report
I liked signal. It's really fast. Although, recently i started to have a problem... When i use a different app and i get a message from signal, then my phone goes crazy. I get a Blackscreen and apps open by themselves. I have to restart my phone so it works again. Btw... This seems to be an issue only i have, because it works perfectly fine for some friends who use signal aswell... I don't know why that happens to me...	bug report
Was there a recent update that broke something? SMS's now all suffer delivery failure. Work fine on native Android messaging app.	bug report
Great app that lets you text people for free, but it gets annoying with your number	feature request
I like the texting but I paid for things like 90 minutes or something like that call time and I have not been able to use it every time I try to call someone it does not work and if you guys can try to get this figured out that be much appreciated	bug report
Why the sound of my game seems muted and suppressed when discord is active in the background? This is annoying.	bug report
It's a great platform in of itself. But since thex changed the UI for the app to be completely different from the PC Programm it's just annoying to navigate and use.	feature request
Keeps kicking me off n goes pff before I can report it very frustrated !	bug report
This app sucks!! I just need it so I can sign up for something personal. I used the number I got here because what im signing up for needed to send me a code, but when the message came through, the app says I HAVE TO PAY TO BE ABLE READ THE TEXT MESSAGE! I am furious!	bug report
It's supposed to be free and I'm not using it and it's charging me$7 every month and I can't find away to get out to stop stealing my money	bug report
This is the worst app I have every used. This apps privacy protection is TERRIBLE. I've been using this app for 3 years and I just now lost my 2nd account due to the fact I tried to change my email. I TRIED TO CHANGE MY EMAIL AND NOW I CAN'T GET BACK IN MY ACCOUNT. and I've reached out to discord about it, and I am yet to get a response. Do not download this app. Find a different way to talk to your friends where you can freely change your email on your account without losing is all together.	bug report
Messaging is not allowed.	irrelevant information
The updates should be weekly because the service is very inconsistent. I have not been able to make phone calls or receive them after uninstalling and reinstalling this app several times.	bug report
Please allow PS5 Discord streaming	feature request
The new update sucks so much I hate the way it's layed out just go back to how it was normally please 🙏🙏	feature request
I read this one hundred percent	irrelevant information
New mobile UI is hard to navigate	feature request
I thought it was pretty cool app. It is so post to be safe from people that you don't want to know your private conversations.	irrelevant information
Effective to work with and easy to use.	irrelevant information
New UI is garbage. Really hard to navigate now, especially one handed. Looks very chunky and messy. Thankfully it can be reverted in settings, but hopefully it is never forced upon us.	feature request
Sometimes I find it difficult to login. I have to put in my password more than two times before I get access to my account.	bug report
Good application but not showing in play store only showing in installed applications and sometimes we face issues while calling.	bug report
The bug where you cannot attach images is fixed, but now I'm forced often to force stop the app before I use it, otherwise NOTHING will appear on the server or messages tab.	bug report
Great app. Worked in the past. But it seems like I can't add a phone number and verify a pin. It won't let me no matter how many times I try to verify. I suggest getting this fixed.	bug report
Crashes every so often but ok.	bug report
Great phone app. Works great, don't have any problems with it. Thx.	irrelevant information
Get rid of the new ui ASAP! Edit: yall STILL haven't changed it.	feature request
It needs the option to change it to dark theme.	feature request
Not working good on android 13 Edit: It's running slow on Android 13. It's not responding to my screen at all	bug report
Dont get notification anymore. Emoji are weak. Update please, bring back fire emoji. Get better emoji its so lackluster	feature request
Clean and simple. At-your-fingertips intuitive interface.	irrelevant information
Best app for communicate in a safe way , I definitely recommend it	irrelevant information
Everyone uses this but it sucks	irrelevant information
Sometimes it doesn't ring, but just beeps like it is leaving a msg.	bug report
I love Skype... But my old chat is gone... I didn't deleted that... Please help me...	bug report
I received my sim card today and doesn't seem to be working, I thought the purpose of this was so I didn't have to use WiFi but I still have to. Could someone help?	bug report
Definitely useful	irrelevant information
App is beyond frustrating to use. Non user friendly. It is 100x better to	bug report
Can't choose any number from list	bug report
pricey fees. I'm on a budget.confusing.	irrelevant information
I've installed and uninstalled the app over ten times at this point and cannot log into my account that works flawlessly on my desktop. Useless.	bug report
They kind of ruined it with deleting tags and the new layout, but eh, it's nothing you can't get used to. Going from 5 stars to 4	irrelevant information
scam users it	irrelevant information
Outstanding Service	irrelevant information
Yeah so this app was pretty cool a bit ago but now it's literally not giving me any notifications. Like I know I have all my notification settings on , but nowadays things don't show up for hours on end	bug report
I find out it freezes all the time	bug report
Great app when you've lost EVERYTHING because of Covid and have to live in a hotel with free wifi.	irrelevant information
Cool app. Works well	irrelevant information
Love the ability to talk with all coaches and parents!	irrelevant information
I used to love this app, but the most recent update is unusable, I literally can't send embeds to servers, it sends them to my last dm instead, please just go back.	bug report
Works about half the time, and the new "improved" UI is really awful.	bug report
Recent update stopped push notifications for messages	bug report
took 2+ weeks to get a reply. the phone number u chose does not belong to	bug report
Up until the recent decision to ditch the # IDs, discord was the best social app for games hands down. Still great, but some head scratching decisions are creeping in.	irrelevant information
It worked the 1st few days then suddenly I stopped being able to send the app text as well as received text	bug report
Was going to give you a four but you said you were going to make it public. You were only getting a four because I didn't have to deal with the public	irrelevant information
It's very private	irrelevant information
This is good app for calling but features is not enough like whatsapp....	feature request
Okay. I love Discord. I have been using it for almost 4 years now. I have made some of my closest friends on there. And I know that Discord wants to grow just like everyone and everything but, they're just taking after how every single social media app is. That's what everyone loved about Discord. It was different. And now, due to the updated, it's the same thing as Snapchat or Instagram. Just stop.	feature request
I would like this better if I could post an event through the calendar that it provides. Unfortunately I can not. Others in my group can but not me. The Groupme people can not figure out the problem either.	feature request
Getting and recwiving text are great but ohine calls are not. Calls always drop and when they actually connect I do not hear anything. Please fix because I do like this app.	bug report
I have just begun to use the app but it is easy to navigate, and effective.	irrelevant information
Too many information questions and 3rd parties to get through with this app. Better with Telegram or WhatsApp tbh 😎👌🏼	irrelevant information
Don't get this stupid app 😡	irrelevant information
It is not that good sooooooo.	irrelevant information
I have 282 but none of the calls go through... when at first they did	bug report
People always needing money. Tired of it!	irrelevant information
0 stars Horrid instead of making the app easier to use you guys made images more difficult to post?, also you didnt fix many bugs 1. Random flipping screen even when its turned off 2. Search bar issue, sometimes it just doesnt work 3. Replying to your message issue ( when i reply to myself it puts me into edit mode) 4. Glitched messages aka when you send a message it repeats it 10000 times.	bug report
Awesome 😎 I have No problems 😃 do need Wi-Fi, tho	irrelevant information
It Sucks Takes forever for App to come up SAD	bug report
Been using textnow for probably 10 years or more, I don't even have a sim card anymore bcuz what the point when there's wifi everywhere. I adore this app, other than it always saying I'm in do not disturb mode when I'm not, I recommend it to anyone. I love textnow.	feature request
How will someone came to know that someone has taken a screenshot while using Skype video call?	feature request
Choppy sounding on calls Choppy sounding on calls	bug report
I've been having connection problems when I'm calling w my friends I can't connect to the call when I'm using my WiFi but I can connect to the call when I'm using my data only can someone help me to fix this problem I even tried updating but it doesn't work	bug report
Love this app .i would have gine 5 stars if some features like showing online status of the contacts is provided	feature request
Perfect way to interact with my church!!	irrelevant information
I know you guys are fixing bugs but every time I try to change my profile or anything it doesn't say the "save" thing on the top and it doesn't let me save stuff	bug report
Very bad experience It's take too much time to send a low mb videos I am sending 1.6 mb video but its taking too much time its only spent my internet data 😞😞😞😞	bug report
I can't add new groups that other people have started. I can't even request it. On top of that it's basically just Google Hangouts but it doesn't come installed. All in all this app's an inconvenient waste of time.	bug report
Infinite loop when I want to choose a number. Too buggy.	bug report
App is good but not fast and smooth like what's app or telegram Please make it smooth and fast	feature request
I dont like the new ugi	feature request
Only 2 stars because my device and I mean not only mine is heating up so much . My phone isn't very bad is a Samsung a51 whit 4gb ram	bug report
Aside from a couple of bugs here and there, it's surprisingly solid. I do not like using apps that seem no better than things I already use (group text and e-mail), but the integration and flow from phone to computer is slick.	irrelevant information
work, it works great. Calling works amazing and easy, short videos you need	feature request
The woman ask for my social. That's never happened when using a phone app. Check those theives stealing social security numbers!!!!	bug report
Don't receive any notifications. I have them allowed on my phone and in the app. I've uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. Using a galaxy Note 8	bug report
So far it's pretty good I like it 👍	irrelevant information
I prefered the old ui	feature request
Would be 5 if Direct Messages would ever work!!!	bug report
Love Skype, bit of a power hog though on Android mobile.	irrelevant information
lags my phone very badly had to delete so I coupd use my phone	bug report
Whats the point of the star system if you guys never improve of the functions anyways? Also, quit changing the camera settings! They were fine before, now I have to mess around with the settings to figure out the new changes yall do just to take mutiple photos!	feature request
Amazing, I've been using it for about 2 years now. It's almost perfect and having the ability to make servers is very cool. The one thing that I struggled with was getting my account back after it got disabled, someone reported me for being under 13 while I am not. I never ended up getting my account back, and the account had nitro which I was forced to continue to pay for. Other than that, it's amazing.	feature request
it sucks after one month i can't. send or receive massages	bug report
Discord as a whole is great. The app BEFORE THE UPDATE was great. But the new update is filled with bugs, is poorly designed, and overall just made things unusable.	bug report
This is probably the best platform out there that does this type of business. Only complains I have are it's glitches, such as when I undeafen while watching a YouTube video, it puts my discord call on phone speaker instead of my headphones, which caused an embarrassing problem a couple minutes ago. April 16, 23 Edit: There's no option to mute people's soundboard on mobile. You know how that's gonna go.	bug report
Never got any texts. Uninstalled. Also, getting notifications every 30 minutes was annoying af.	bug report
For some reason no one can see my texts anymore and idk why it's upsetting other wise it's a good app but please fix this	bug report
It was cool until the ads started showing up more directly taking up almost	bug report
This app would be so much better if I can get videos from friends without it saying "Media type not supported in text free" please allow users to receive videos it'd be a lot of help towards me.	feature request
Issues with attaching video to messages but overall great app	bug report
Almost unusable, very sluggish and often doesnt load or send messsges. I sometimes miss important notifications because the app just doesn't show them or won't load them. Do not use GroupMe for anything absolutely vital.	bug report
Every time I've tried to do a video chat there is no volume	bug report
I hate this app! Every time I want to call someone I have to get calling minutes and I end up just texting them. 😡😠	bug report
For communication it's a great program. I give it a five out of 10. I don't really use this program but whenever you need help with something you know you can go to discord and they'll help you out. Especially if you're playing destiny the game. Discord is wonderful.	irrelevant information
Best way to stay in touch with friend and family at my disposal. I get kep connected anywhere in the world. I like the group chat option.	irrelevant information
It's very good app ever	irrelevant information
This app sucks always says all circuits are busy	bug report
Please update background and add new wallpapers	feature request
Words were not very clear maybe because it's very windy here	irrelevant information
Makes calls but doesn't go through seconds and minutes just running but no hear	bug report
Skype is a bit slow. Can't it be made at least a bit faster and smoother?	feature request
So far , texting is all I've been able to do. The calling part has never worked for me, I know how to follow instructions & I have not made 1 connection out of 25 attempts at a call. I purchased the sim from TextNow in order to make calls without needing a WIFI connection (supposedly) but it apparently still needs 1 🤬 that's what the app is telling me. I only give 2 stars because there just might be something I am missing, a setting is off maybe, but I doubt it. I'll update review if needed.	bug report
Experiencing problems in call establishing connection in Skype. Sometimes bell is ringing on caller side but no ringing on the other end. Sometimes call connects and voice of the person on the other side is heard but the ringing doesn't stop. Sometimes call is established but only one person can hear the other cannot. Normally call is properly connected on 2nd or 3rd attempt. Please improve Skype. Still Skype is best in voice and video quality, so keeping four stars.	bug report
Slowed my phone down to the point it hardly worked	bug report
It won't log into my discord account because the verification thing for auth please fix this	bug report
Good app just need to work on the speed and drop calls other then that its good	bug report
Works well most of the time, but this app has always been prone to random freezes, lag, and bugs. I've had issues with sending videos (which always seem greatly compressed), creating and deleting groups, leaving and joining groups.. all over the span of multiple phones and years. It's irritating.	bug report
loads and everything but when i'm replying the screen goes blank for a couple of seconds & it takes me back to the main screen. Please fix FAST !	bug report
Great app but you can only change your number one time. Most other apps allow you to change whenever you need to.	feature request
Simple GUI with fast performance, some bug easily found (vibrate always on, PIN verification takes too long time, no emot, ability to attach more kinds of file would be awesome)	bug report
Great app that keeps making updates for the worse.	feature request
It's like the normal discord ik	irrelevant information
the app is amazing. helps me when I'm broke or between jobs	irrelevant information
Every phone call is either dropped or there is an echo on the other persons side	bug report
The new version of the app has several issues so I am dropping my rating. It's slower - maybe we blame my device for that one - but it didn't used to run like this. It's a poor UX, requiring more steps/button presses to accomplish the same tasks. Finally, personally, I dont want to swipe to reply to people, I want to swipe left or right to see the various channels and users in those channels at that moment. That's more tedious to do now. Jan 2 Update: New bugs with the discord/ phone nav.	bug report
the service sucks the majority of the time.	bug report
Something need fixed	bug report
Met the worst kind of people on accident, everything else is great.	irrelevant information
Their CODE entry system is user-aggravating. Sends alphanumeric code and offers a numbers-only keyboard. Grrr.	bug report
Lie, they want $9.99 a month	irrelevant information
I can't seem to log in anymore however it was good for video calling 1 or 2 people	bug report
Slowly for download apps there so faster	bug report
Very unstable on Android - crashes my phone every time I get a call	bug report
very good app. keep the privacy	irrelevant information
I got the SIM card and have unlimited talk and text, but am unable to make any calls because I don't have enough credits? It's good for messaging, but an ad will kick you out while typing. Also, no free security codes? That's not right. I have to pay to access my accounts now. I got this because I didn't want to pay for my old carrier anymore, but data alone costs $40 a month! I'll just go back to them because this isn't worth it anymore.	bug report
Bluetooth is a mess	bug report
Tried installing and using it but no longer works. I've used it before and was OK and now it's useless.	bug report
Last couple of updates I haven't been getting any notifications from some servers I'm in. It's only certain ones and I have checked that I have them turned on to.	bug report
It's good and bad at the same time. The texting is good but then when you make a call or receive a call the service is bad and the it freezes when it's time to hang up	bug report
Not sure yet how to navigate this app! Time will tell.	irrelevant information
The messages don't always send or recieve.	bug report
new UI makes it harder to read, the increase in saturation strains the eyes too much. The UX experience is also worse than before, visiting certain pages like the member list takes too many steps and the changes overall are too confusing with barely any ease or help into the transition. I'm sure you have many talented UI and UX designers in your team, please listen to them properly instead of launching this mess of a result	feature request
Cant seem to comment on individual texts in the group like you can on Facebook comments. That would be nice	feature request
Newest update ruined it	bug report
Overall this is a good app, but almost every time someone tried to call me or message me my phone doesn't get a notification, let's say I tried to link my phone to TikTok but I never got a message, I'll like for y'all to fix this bug. It's getting annoying, eventually I'm gonna have to delete this app.	bug report
My experience has been exceptional.	irrelevant information
I love it I wish the mining were a little faster	feature request
Every thing is good in skype .but the major 2 problem.. 1, during the sharing screen but not showing the mute and timer widow box, 2 , ther are also loadings problem..	bug report
I have used Skype for years and it's still the BEST VOIP platform	irrelevant information
Really buggy, tons of notification issues, sometimes your group chats won't load at all. My friends and I have used it for over 5 years now and are heavily considering switching to a new app because of how buggy the app is. I want it to be good, but this app just frustrates me.	bug report
I could mention the things everyone is talking about with the new UI, but I don't care as much as the bugs. I cannot consistently send media files. Sometimes it will not show the send button, other times it'll work perfectly fine. Now the app won't change channels properly. Switching to a different one won't upate and will show the previous channel. I need to close the app everytim to fix this. Focus on actual features instead of releasing a broken build when nothing was wrong with the original.	bug report
What on earth have you done to Discord? The way the DMs now work is just awful..... The amount of taps and swipes I need just to see a profile now..... I mean inbox being at the bottom is a good idea, but Discord now doesn't respect my screen rotation settings? I tilt my phone just a little too far and BOOM landscape.... Also, the performance is really bad now. And no I don't wish to familiarise myself with how this is now. Please change this back....	feature request
need this	feature request
Horrible update, just bring back the last version, it was fully functional compared to how it currently is... I can't even see what friends are currently online, unless I scroll through the entire list one-by-one and check for the green bubble next to each of them	feature request
I like discord but the thing is, it's starting to lag witch I cant do things on discord anymore because it would freeze on me idk why this is happening tho, ik its not my phone because this is happening to both my phones and laptop.	bug report
I end up spending more time resetting my password	bug report
Loudass system notifications at 2am is not cool.	bug report
Have been using discord for sometime now and with every update it seems they want it to be harder and rougher to use. I wish there would be a popular alternative to it which my friends agree to switch to!	feature request
I love discord because mainly the group chats you can make with your friends	irrelevant information
Signal allows scammers to freely operate on its site	bug report
A pain to view who's active in a channel now since swiping left responds to messages instead, I'd rather be able to see who's online. Sending files and pictures is really annoying now, have to pull images up to full view and sending doesn't work all the time. Chats also don't save where you were in a conversation so you constantly have to scroll down again and again. Don't love the new update at all.	feature request
I still love signal. A modicum of security is always welcome. I don't know if any resource can truly be trusted unless you program it yourself. I've used signal for years. Stars galore! So rated.	irrelevant information
IT ALLOWS I'M SENDING MESSAGES HOWEVER THE OTHER PARTY IS NOT RECIEVING THEM. IT WON'T ALLOW ME TO SEND PIC MESSAGES	bug report
Nice application for video call and you can chat mesg voice call I am using since 2010 very good application Skype is the best way to video call for family and friends now we can use group call also.	irrelevant information
When everything is working, this app is great. However, there are way too many bugs to call it great overall. Ever since an update in late 2022, bugs have been a constant problem. Voice chat breaks randomly, load times are way too long, the option to turn of @'s doesn't show up, menus don't load, menus decide to open for no reason, I can keep going. Stop adding new features that aren't nessesary and start fixing the features that already exist!	bug report
Thus app is trash. Por connection. Don't download. Thus app doesent deserv the one star	bug report
The new UI makes things waay harder to moderate server because search is now channel based and can't be used globally(across multiple channels within the server). Video embed sometimes doesn't work and I had to restart discord to view it	bug report
Update March 2020: several of the major annoyances have been fixed, but I really wish the developers could use the older versions a bit to understand what is missing... Old review (1 star): The last update is so bad it makes me look for alternatives. How could the developers Not test if Bluetooth worked? With this release I have to take off my headset to answer calls. Also - calls are not hung up since the disconnect isn't clearly visible anywhere...	bug report
Used to LOVE this app and was my primary messaging app but now no longer going to support sms it is worthless. The fact it supported sms made it the ideal messaging app as all messages came through it. Who wants 20 different apps for receiving messages?!	bug report
I think people are not who they say they are it's like a scam and everyone wants money	irrelevant information
I've had this shot before it is a real	irrelevant information
It has been very good new update is a little confusing, but over all good, please make it easier to get bots in servers	feature request
Nice but can improve You cant play the recorded video offline	feature request
The new UI changes has made it a lot more timeconsuming and harder to move between servers and DM's, which means I not only miss out on messages more often but also have to excessively tap around withouth the quick swipe. On top of that, it has become more tedious to quickly access the member list on the servers too. These changes has just made the experience less streamline and pleasant. Between this and the annoying, constant nitro advertisement, Discord is making itself more unattractive.	feature request
Amazing tool for education. I use a discord server to put down my notes, although it would be nice if I can edit sent images since I know I can use it for college. The thing is, some of the images are classified, private images of my friends' faces, and it can be dangerous studying in private areas. Recommendation: Please allow an option to edit sent images in a discord server	feature request
It was good before I got kicked out	bug report
Great app for keeping up with a fellowship group. I like the direct messaging capability and organization of the threads. Feels less intrusive than Messenger.	irrelevant information
It's very good for things but on android you can't use emojis in the creating channels fixxxxxx	bug report
Notifications don't work, despite reenabling the option several times. No ad-free version either.	bug report
Why give it a 4 store, because I cant create my account there it keep asking me that I might a robot, but not, I think my Google account is not working, well, that would create, I don't want I'm very sad next time. Crude my cow dare, if you work, I'll give you 5 stars. ☹️😞😔❤❤	bug report
I use discord to talk to all of my friends. However- this UI update is. not great. It gets rid of the original experience, and even gets rid of features like looking at your friends list (which I personally loved doing). Now it's tucked away into a new format. Notifications are now a priority, and I don't know a single soul who uses that feature. I get what the vision was, but sometimes sleek isn't always better. I wish there was a way to at to put the friends list where notifications are.	feature request
Cannot join any chat. This is for work and I cannot use it	bug report
This app does not work anymore however it was my fault as to I couldn't find a password.	bug report
Great for texting or just to have another number and its free but phone calls are HORRIBLE!! Dont count on it for something reliable and good quality.Voices echo and cut in and out.	bug report
Functional - no stupid add ons like channels which I don't need or want. V good facility. Like it	irrelevant information
I dont like the emojis . I miss the iOS emojiis... .get those back	feature request
Can't make a call at all unless I'm on wifi I can't text at all none of the sims card I work will connect to the phone have to pay monthly like a normal cell company just no contract	bug report
to many dropped calls ; auto correct spelling is activeted when not needed..facebook messager is bettter	bug report
Too much slow ui.. Lot laggy	bug report
Could not use app. I have tried this app on several devices. And was unable to get a phone number. Everytime I would select one and go to use it I would be told it's inactive and need a new one. So I thought maybe if I subscribe to it it would help this issue. It didn't. I lost $5 and am displeased with the service provided.	bug report
It's forever loading plz fix it	bug report
Sorry Snowden, .... Signal is really a bad replacement for WhatsApp	irrelevant information
great app but con ection wont let me call out. have had this problem on every device ive had this app on	bug report
Always liked the app but now you're pulling SMS support there is almost no point in using it. Strange decision.	feature request
microsoft bought skype.	irrelevant information
for a contact to dial, it gives across globe results and not phonebook	feature request
I can't delete my account from the app, the problem is the same with another account that a created using a different phone number	bug report
Won't send or receive the order of a time to be done by today your dreams are made of salt and watered down pepper	bug report
Hello,some serious issues occured, Skype cannot share links with other users. Please fix this, Thank you!	bug report
Getting to be not a very good app	bug report
Interesting,lovely and good	irrelevant information
Garbage, can't see texts	bug report
Mobile client is ok. The desktop client I'd give a 4.5/5. The mobile version has its issues, that are; sometimes randomly takes forever to send a message until you delete it and type it again and it sends immediately, shows "connecting" text when its already connected, the new UI can be pretty bad but its alright, and the new font is pretty terrible. Oh and calling on mobile is pretty terrible, it mutes everything sometimes. WHY can't it just use your phones default font?!?!	bug report
I think neo Nazis could develop a better app with the help of genetically modified shiba inu puppers eating a pizza 1 star try again Hitler	irrelevant information
I did the bingo bash offer and beat lvl 2 as requested and did not get the 26 minutes as promised	bug report
I entered the area code but it wouldn't show shut phone numbers, I couldn't do anything past this part.	bug report
Service sucks doesn't work good lots of freezing	bug report
Garbage app switch to discord	bug report
It was pretty good at first but now everytime I go to the app it force stops it	bug report
Doesnt let me know when someones trying to get hold of	bug report
I don't like this app. I was in a group on this app. Had to delete the app for a little while and when I reinstalled the app, I couldn't locate the group I was in. it's like the app doesn't remember.	bug report
Uploading pics is very flaky.  The app also doesn't feel natural to use.	bug report
New mobile UI is garbage. Is it really too much to ask to allow users to pick what they prefer?	feature request
Very stupid. Not worth my time.	irrelevant information
Cant sign up or sign in "You've exceeded the number of times you are allowed to perform this action ”	bug report
The photo shares in the chats are not always able to be viewed. I have had to uninstall and reinstall the app at least 3 times now because it stops working all of a sudden, and I have tried all the clearing cache, etc. strategies that the unhelpful support team recommended. Currently, there is a photo share in one of my chats that, once again, I can not see, and I am thoroughly annoyed that I will have to uninstall again as well.	bug report
or glitches, it's a functional app.	irrelevant information
Great for texting,phone service sucks tho	bug report
Ever since the update...I've not been able to message new friends in server cause I couldn't find..	bug report
it's very good. just a few to many ads. it freezes my tablet.	bug report
Why i been randomly being add to servers one day I woke up I'm in one it's been like this every day	bug report
The latest update has made the app almost unusable. It takes forever for servers to load, often thinks channels (including those from my personal server) are marked as read only, lags horribly when switching between servers, and oftentimes doesn't show any indication of a new DM - and that's just a handful of the issues since the update. The new interface is horrendous and hides away what had once been easy to locate info. Not a good look.	bug report
You only get a few minutes not a good app	bug report
I like that we can talk with the coaches through the app.	irrelevant information
Makes it convenient to communicate with my co-workers no problems.	irrelevant information
Echo on calls suck	bug report
voice of other side is very bad voice is low and skype working very slow teaching is very difficult in skype before this version teaching is very easy	bug report
It was very good and fast and it make it easy for me to reach other	irrelevant information
EDIT: I kinda like the new iu, so far it's smooth, I hope you don't remove the old one tho, make it optional.	feature request
Skype is still slow and cumbersome and confusing to navigate.	bug report
Great alternate number app !	irrelevant information
Overall i enjoy the app. There have been some glitches and u had to uninstall and reinstall it. My usage is primarily socializing with friends.	bug report
The desktop program is still fine, it's the same it's been for years. The mobile app is what I have an issue with, the new update in particular. Buggy, slow, it doesn't show notifications properly for DMs and made it harder to know if someone messaged you, and they have removed options and put in newer ones that were unnecessary. Until there is an option to revert back to the stable version from prior, I have no desire to support their mobile app.	bug report
I hate the new update I hate that they changed so many things and feels weird and looks ugly asf wish there was a button to change it back to original🙄😒	feature request
It does not let me call you need to fix it	bug report
awful redesign broke more than the layout. video calls no longer work, and my preferences reset every call. frustrating to see discord in every comment simply justifying choices that no one likes. hopefully a better app comes soon where the devs listen to users. Edit after developer comment: no thanks, I don't want to read an article about your design decisions.	bug report
Clarity in video call has to improve	bug report
Direct messaging to SMS is not working.	bug report
The app it's to hard to verify since yesterday, I downloaded it but it's not been verified what happened how do I get it verified	bug report
Good app. Would give 5 stars if they made it easier to delete group chats.	feature request
Skype is good but the problem is I can only open files for 30 days, as a student it's difficult for me to answer all of my modules because I only have 30 days to open files :((	feature request
A piece of 💩 cannot use it 🤮	irrelevant information
You can't receive verification codes without paying for premium. which was the only reason I needed a different number in the first place. F	feature request
Awful app. 2 minutes after registering I get a message that my number was inactive and that I need to choose a new one.. what a joke!	bug report
This update to the UI has been awful and buggy. I hate that I can't easily find things and searching links doesn't give any sort of preview.	bug report
This is great, it bring our family that's across the USA, together in one place.	irrelevant information
I'm experiencing difficulty texting people on signal	bug report
They're getting rid of SMS capabilities because they think their users are too dumb to understand when a message is encrypted. Instead of doing UI changes to make it more obvious or helpful.	feature request
reverse the change to the UI. Everyone was already satisfied with the original UI so why did you guys have to go and change it only to make it worse?	feature request
Great communication with everyone in conversation.	irrelevant information
great app bad company	irrelevant information
Thanks for once again providing a descriptive list of what changed with each update in a professional manner. Please stay focused on privacy and quality.	irrelevant information
Watched videos to get more minutes and never got them	irrelevant information
Textfree is a great app for when you don't have the money to pay for minutes, but I just can't send pictures. What a shame. If you could fix it, I would gladly rate it five stars, bit for now, it remans at three.	feature request
I like this app because i can chat with my foreign friends but when i voice call my friend and playing a game the voice call Decline itself. Thats all.	bug report
I got charged for your subscription and i want a refund not satisfied with your service i just use it as a quick contact or throw away cell number	bug report
This app just used all the free space on my tablet. I searched through the settings but it seems there is no easy way to clear cache or move it to the sd card. My device is barely working just because of signal left almost no free space. Unfortunately it's necessary to have it (job requirements)	bug report
This is a great app totally free.	irrelevant information
it feels a bit buggy or lagging? since 2-3 versions ago. i often cannot view all new messages recently, ex; out of 8 new from the same person, only first and last one appears and the rest just won't appear even it reload it multiple times until i read it from desktop version. or when i send something nothing is sent (no fail to send or anything) just didn't appear at all.	bug report
Installed it but it wont open.	bug report
Wouldn't let me send the messages	bug report
After update it suffers from lags and I can't sign out to sign in with another account.	bug report
I've had this app for years and I don't understand why the ability to delete messages is not an option. This would be a great addition.	feature request
Won't log me in all of a sudden. Getting error. 1000% positive password is right bc I can log in on site.	bug report
Signal is good. I stopped using it for SMS though because of missing Spam detection and blocking is too cumbersome	feature request
So Im confused as to why I can't receive verification codes via text msg etc without paying for them!? It clearly says free text and calling & this feature is and gas to be fairly new because I never had this issue before. I've had multiple issues concerning connection call quality etc but never much with messaging and I need to be able to recieve verification codes for my bank account which I haven't been able to access for almost a year now bc of this problem.	bug report
others disappeared my messages are gone this is strange please help me	bug report
Best in the West.. This is the Best line. 😁 No complaints.	irrelevant information
it's ok sometimes I don't see posts until after a few hours so not good for companies expecting immediate interaction	bug report
As of today, it will not allow me to log in. Saying there is an unexpected error. I need this for work and is now making it very inconvenient	bug report
It keeps disconnecting the call when the other person connects.	bug report
Great place to laugh	irrelevant information
It's a great way to message friends but you need nitro for a lot of things	feature request
Nice software,, i like it	irrelevant information
Sending images/photos are not working; always get 'retry messages'. Receiving them are ok.	bug report
It get's stuck on an infinite loading screen. As usual, Microsoft is sloppy and unprofessional.	bug report
Im giving 3 star because i hate it when I want to give a video to my friend the audio always turn into a high pitch sound like "there was a problem with the audio it It is now high pitch audio" or something i forgot please fix that.	bug report
Stupid app did a video call more than five time and was trash unable to connect	bug report
If I could give 0 stars, I would. The new update sucks. Corporate trashfire idiots, listen to your community, whoever developed this update clearly never used the mobile app. Devs should be shot.	bug report
Keeps saying I have two messages but I dont	bug report
People can't hear me	bug report
I have done all of that and still can't get it to download now I have probably lost me textnow number	bug report
Recent update has taken away my ability to answer calls. The app becomes active when an incoming call is in process, but there is no way to answer the call	bug report
The app allows me to receive group chat messages but all of the messages are out of order and I don't really understand what's happening. It also sometimes receives the one on one messages out of order so I have to mentally place them in order as I read	bug report
Need to improve interface and add more functions like Facebook messenger.	feature request
Tbh discord used to be fun but since the last discord update for mobile came, nothing has been the same, now my duscord strarts to kag every time, when you try to search up channels on mobile it just goes down and the person gets absolutely confused that whats what, you cant properly change peoples roles or names now, i always pray before doing it as it ejds up doing nothing at all, am very dissatisfied with its quality rn	bug report
Works great about 50% of the time, locks you out and randomly drops calls the rest of the time with no explanation and zero help from the app's authors. Also, authors constantly spam me with ads for their service, but won't offer service in my area. It's like getting a giant middle finger right in the face. Finally, poor (to the point of nonexistent) tech support and over-reliance on junk "helpbots" that are no help at all. To the authors: Don't count on ever getting five stars from me.	bug report
Awful new mobile layout.	feature request
It's malfunctioning (useless) when I tried saving this app in my SD card- please fix it soon & I'll give it 5*	bug report
Update: They made the area where you wrote messages smaller... Definitely made the experience worse. I'd rate this lower if I could. I've been using Discord since 2016. The mobile app has just been updated and these changes are terrible. Swipe to reply replaces swiping to see online members of a server, images and media don't show up in pins. Discord doesn't allow you to switch to the old layout. Don't download this. I'd rather use the browser version instead.	feature request
Created an account only to get an email 10 minutes later saying it was deleted. Thanks a lot.	bug report
Discord is a perfectly fine app for communication if you're 18 or older. I don't suggest it for anyone under 18 as some users are unsafe. Aside from that my only other complaint is that an issue has been coming up on my version of Discord where MP4 files do not send as videos but as downloadable files.	bug report
Brush Jug of water Umbrella Poop but Hola Toothbrush	irrelevant information
Please add bluetooth connectivity as soon as possible. I typically have to use the computer version of Skype because the app will not connect my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 to my new Bose bluetooth headphones.	feature request
Used to be great, now has lags, and can't clear chats much of the time.	bug report
Chatting	irrelevant information
Great App I use it everyday 🙂	irrelevant information
Ok ever since the new update I HATE It. One I can't even send images in certain servers they send to someone else when I try I don't even get pings barely do and it's so laggy this update sucks	bug report
Can't hear Your callers Lots of Advertisinment	bug report
Discord..what have you done?! This new update is horrible! You have completely changed what I have known so well for many years to something i can not even navigate with ease. Bring back the old layout Please! Edit: After finally finding out how to get to the settings after 15min of fumbling to find it, i found the disable new layout.. Still, the old layout needs to be default, and better explained how to navigate..don't change what people are familiar with....	feature request
Very smart	irrelevant information
Download so I can use it to activate applications won't let you do that.... What's the point of the app if I can't get my code notification with this app?	bug report
Quick to download its great	irrelevant information
since MS acquiring runs worse and worse	bug report
this is always dropping my calls	bug report
I can't get a number it saying no number available what location can i get a number For USA	bug report
Very good app. I'm glad I started using it I've met some amazing people who've become some of the best friends I've ever had.	irrelevant information
Was at 4 stars when I first reviewed it and it was great for about 4 years. With the removal of sms messaging, the app serves no purpose. No longer recocommend.. it "doesn't make sense".. who wants a secure app that you have to convince people to download just to talk too.. Smh	feature request
I think my phone is stuck in safe mode and I can't even use the TextNow app so I'm really pissed	bug report
When I was signing up I got sent to a request form and I filled it out and everything and it has been 1 months since anything and I still can't use it	bug report
Why won't you change it back, it's literally the worst now 😭	bug report
Works great and your now taken down for saying the truth	irrelevant information
I like it but I don't. I like that I can call my friends and text them. I don't like it for two reasons. The first reason is that you can't call an emergency number off of it, and that isn't good if you have a tablet like I do because it doesn't come with a phone, so you have to rely on  texting apps like this one. I also don't like it because it takes away a minute a day, and because you have to watch videos to get minutes of talking time, so you have to text more than talk.	feature request
It's good stuff who knows	irrelevant information
Love signal it's faster on texting and easier	irrelevant information
Unable to create account. Won't scroll down to hit submit button.	bug report
If it aint broke dont fix it	irrelevant information
The voice clips are always playing in a splitting way, never playing properly non playing without switching between ear piece and speaker by itself many times.	bug report
does great on everything but calling and ttalking to. voicemail and texting work great.	bug report
No read receipts. No records of calls from strangers. Can't mute a ringing	feature request
The app is fine but I'm irritated that it doesn't handle SMS anymore.	feature request
Phone number is exposed to a public or private group.👎 There is no way to use phone number annonymously like XX messenger or sending messeges without identifuer like SimpleX messenger 🙏	feature request
Calls are dropped and /or don't come through. Alerts and codes needed for security are not allowed unless paid for in a certain service. It's lucky to get 3 stars at all	bug report
Used this app for years. It was great. I recruited several family members and friends. However, most of my contacts do not use Signal. And by dropping support for SMS, I have to uninstall this app. I will not use two messenger apps. Google Messages seems to be the most convenient and secure at the moment with RCS... Ugh, but more personal info for Google...	feature request
Good but I constantly open the app and go to immediately write a message so click on the chat box and just as I do a pop up will come up resulting in me immediately dismissing it without ever being able to see what it was this happens all the time and really needs to be fixed just a slight delay before u can click a dismiss button or whatever is on the pop up would be perfect as otherwise I'm never gonna know what these popups are even asking	bug report
Sound and Voice so good. Quality is super. With low internet speed giving some gaps but clean with moderate internet speed...	irrelevant information
Whenever my friends call, I sound like a mouse and it's annoying	bug report
Bring the old layout back.	feature request
its great but only one thing missed please add voice message feature..please	feature request
Was good. What have done to the phone app? Does " If it ain't broke, don't fix it" not mean anything to you? Please "Put that thing back where it came from" restore the functionality.	feature request
Not my experience Ji	irrelevant information
Great app my phone wont work in the valley i live in but recently I found out that people have tried to call me and the phone doesn't ring and it doesn't show any sign of them calling I'm not getting text messages with the exception of the few that I normally text on a daily basis I have this app on multiple devices still doesn't show up so I know it's not just my cell phone	bug report
Totally messed up app, just too many things to list that are jacked up!	bug report
It gets messages to a large group when needed.	irrelevant information
cannot download. A81. Long time user.	bug report
ok to use, reliable	irrelevant information
New update is so bad..... I regretted updating it..... since I update it	feature request
I think now there should b an update in which we can see online activity of others.	feature request
account hacked three times, and had messages spammed to a list of my	bug report
It's a way that our church groups communicate, this has been a great way to quickly monitor the activities we do. And the calendar helps organize upcoming activities.	irrelevant information
It's a good app, easy to use.	irrelevant information
This is not free. Only have 1 hour free.	irrelevant information
Used to be able to play mp3 files within discord channels on mobile without downloading them. Hasn't been possible for a while now... wouldve been 5 stars if this feature wasnt removed.	feature request
Discord was fine before the update. The usernames didn't need to be changed and now it's more limiting to what we can set our usernames as.	feature request
Secure messaging (but not regular/SMS messaging anymore) and voice and video with a simple, well-working interface — fantastic. Actively developed and getting better all the time. Built by people who care about your privacy (not the usual corporations prying into your business at any chance).	irrelevant information
it was great until it wouldnt let me log back into my account saying that ive been locked out for security reasons? i dont know what to do. i didnt think i violated anything.. i wasnt on at all that day except for chatting with my friend about how her day was. if i could get some more information as to why i was violating that would be great!	bug report
aweful ap. will 100% hijack your device with full screen ads that you can't X out of. wouldnt recommend this bit of malware, masquerading as an ap to anyone!	bug report
Was working fine the past week...now every call I get today and need dial 1 to accept the call the keyboard isn't registering and I can't accept the call. I hit 1 a hundred times and nothing happens.	bug report
There are too many ads...it's a good app tho. If anyone is looking for one without ads I would recommend TextNow.	irrelevant information
Went from using this everyday to deleting it. Whoever made the choice to get rid of SMS I hope you're happy.	feature request
Hate all the echo and dropped calls other than that its fine	bug report
I absolutely recommend! 5/5⭐! My youth group pastor uses this for all of us to communicate during the week, and it works great!😊	irrelevant information
It's fine me and my friend had a really nice time on here	irrelevant information
3 stars because i could not transfer messages from an old android S10+ to an upgraded android S23 ultra. I lost all media that people had sent to me ☹️	bug report
I cant open it	bug report
recieve text messages and that my account expired its the app's fault for	bug report
Fake app it's doesn't work on my phone	bug report
I'm sorry, but the new update for mobile is not an Improvement, its made it harder to navigate, harder to realise who messaged you, and so on. And why change what people are used to!? Not only that, it took me ten minutes to find settings! On top of that, you made it take more time to make channels on mobile? This isn't an update. And I really think you need to re think this update. Go back to the old way discord mobile was. It was far, far better.	feature request
The new update makes everything way too small and hard to read.	bug report
New job uses this app, I get a message from the boss that required asap response, I look when he sent it and this app notifies me a DAY late. Yea first impressions for me and this app are probably ass	bug report
needs improvement always dropping calls and texts	bug report
It want let you in	bug report
Well, okay, i love discord but still. the new layout is kinda... Also from some point i have issues with messages, like, i can't send images (it says "failed to send message. hold for options.") I tried to reinstall it but it didn't help me. Well, at least i can send other messages okay, but I hope this problem will be solved as soon as possible. I don't think I have any other problems or issues etc. the app is nice	bug report
I can't even sign up. In a cycle of verifying human and is this your number. I have uninstalled and reinstalled. Any tips?	bug report
Slow and take too much time to load mess	bug report
I can't send texts or pictures when my tablet is vertical (portrait), which is how I usually hold it. This is annoying, especially since the app opens default in portrait mode, regardless if I'm holding the tablet vertical or horizontal (landscape).	bug report
This app is very user-friendly, very safe, and meets all my needs	irrelevant information
I charged my account for 3 weeks but it is not applied yet and I cannot call	bug report
Great messenger, but does not allow you to transfer data from Android to iOS and vice versa. Keep this in mind, if you want to switch in the future...	feature request
It's only free for 5 days then $49.95 a month	irrelevant information
This thing is a nightmare	bug report
With each update the quality of the calls go down. Now errors on Android voice are getting to the point of needing another platform to handle audio calls	bug report
It's a good app and all, but when someone calls me, no notification pops up, same when someone messages me. Fix this.	bug report
So far so good it seems to work real good and I like it very much thank God for this app for I love that it is private and just me and the person that I am talking to can have a real conversation with out having to worry about who else can see what we are saying because no one else can see what is private to us	irrelevant information
The app is too cluttered and laggy	bug report
godawful slow with the newest update. why.	bug report
The only thing I wish was different is that it plays an alert tone even if the app is open when a new message arrives. That does get annoying fast	feature request
It's good but won't let me personalize my ringtones with my music :(	feature request
dish cordinal	irrelevant information
It wont work no numbers available it keeps saying	bug report
It's saying I've tryed too many attempts and I'm not sure what is going on	bug report
WHY DID THEY UPDATE IT IN SUCH A STINK MANNER?!?!?!	feature request
Almost every single time I call someone, it drops the call completely after the first ring. I use this app so I can call my cabs to work, it makes it incredibly frustrating. Not very dependable.	bug report
Literally, every time I'm on call, the audio just randomly cuts out?? Or the call will just randomly disconnect us?? it's so extremely annoying. Fix this cause it's actually so annoying. Honestly, the shittyness of this app recently is making me want to go to snapchat 😐	bug report
Skype has improved significantly over the past 13 years since I began to use it. Some issues, such as reduced volume, distorted speech and sudden disconnected phone calls now occur at a lesser frequency than before, and Skype is continuously improving.	irrelevant information
I've used discord for years now and its been great. Butt they updated the mobile app and now it looks like garbage and it is almost unusable. Would be five stars if they change it back. Still works but come on, what was wronge with the old discord. Please change it back.	feature request
Sometimes I get a message without ping notification	bug report
To easy for people to get over on others. Like husband &wife!!!!	irrelevant information
Great for communicating when it works. It does not allow me to see any pictures that are sent to me.	bug report
I used to like text now a lot but here lately I'm having a lot of issues with it I'm not getting my phone calls no calls are coming through or text and later I'll get a missed call notification because it didn't ring and it's not coming up on my phone right it's just like it's staying behind something and it's always up but it's not running I guess you'd say!! I don't know my main problem is that I'm not getting phone calls and texts! At been out long enough to should be improving not going down	bug report
Been using discord since 2016 (6 years). This is an edit to update my review, the latest UI has many bugs, I personally don't mind the new layout, however as usual there are about 6 unsolved bugs that don't get recognized for weeks, almost a month now, plus the insane increase in the latest issues server-side. I do like using discord but at the moment my opinion remains unchanged especially regarding the amount of bugs.	bug report
Scam app. Forces you to pay after you use it for a verification code. Clear extrotion. Your response is completely tone deaf and ignores the issue. You do not disclose anywhere on the app store that verification codes require a subscription.	bug report
Not really sure	irrelevant information
Verification for messages This app has made it a nightmare to log onto. I had an emergency that required me to change phone numbers!!! I didn't have time to update from my old number with my established apps. I've had a time verifying my number with my bank, credit cards, and even Google, but they all were quick to verify me within a matter of days. I never thought a messaging app would take months.... MONTHS! To verify that i wish to change phone numbers. Absolutely not worth it.	bug report
Since the recent update, the GUI is FAR less intuitive, and I have had about 20x the amount of bugs, ranging from messages not loading, messages not sending, messages sending 3+ times without processing client side, to complete and random crashes. I don't know what idiot needed to justify their existence at this company, but fire them and do a rollback.	bug report
Can you guys fix the videocall rotation problem? Give us an option to lock rotation during video call. Didn't even bother to fix after so many years, also can't search texts in exported chat after fresh install.	bug report
Tiktok ads had been harassing me during calls and would cut off my ongoing call. They had no close or block option either,, not like the other pop up ads. It was out of control. No call lasted more than 20 seconds.	bug report
Great concept, buggy app. Messages constantly won't send despite perfect internet connection. Friends messages come in twice for no reason. Attempts to send pics or gifs while using data almost always unsuccessful. Chats will often randomly not load. Sometimes unable to create a poll.	bug report
Cant creste a account	bug report
I can't use it on two smartphones at the same time like Telegram.	feature request
Been good using this app . Simple , no problems	irrelevant information
Not sure what happened, but uploads all take 3 minutes from my Samsung tablet. No exaggeration. Forget about actively participating in conversations. Thanks for that, I guess. I thought an "age verification" was all that was left to try and remedy this, for some reason, but email says I've already been verified. Must be the update.	bug report
Was nice, but new update messed with my contacts. I see the number but no name, yet when searching for it I found it. I've already reinstalled the app several times.  Please fix it!!!	bug report
it it has done this	irrelevant information
I tried installing and un-installing the app to see if it would fix the notifications pop-up, but nothing. I am using an android and I have not been getting notifications since I can let remember. My fiends always have to tell me to check our group messages. This is very upsetting and very inconvenient for me. Please fix! Thanks.	bug report
I love this Thanks brain and jan Kick what's app	irrelevant information
The app is really good it sucks had a lot of advertisement	irrelevant information
Now the text plus don't work and I'm currently locked out of my job waiting to see this door code. This app is going to ruin my life. What is the point.	bug report
Great phone service with all the amenities and for free!!! What's not to like?	irrelevant information
Frequently hanging .. Mute and unmute issues Shows not connected but actually it got connected ,able to hear but others unable to hear/listen	bug report
The app is extremely helpful in setting up cleaning areas.	irrelevant information
Totally private and safe	irrelevant information
Probably the worst app I've ever downloaded in the entire history of my life I tried to do the setup process I gave it all my personal information and then it just kept saying error on the sign-up page would not allow me to complete the sign-up did not give any explanation as to why overall a terrible terrible app	bug report
direct they close my i.d when they make new aversion its so bad coz i lost my friends on my old i.d😢😢😢	bug report
window for android and no cat icon on video screen.	bug report
Just downloaded	irrelevant information
for verification code you need to buy plus version, not free	irrelevant information
Horrible app won't let me sign in.	bug report
it's great. Improvement Request: Add last seen toggle like whatsapp	feature request
I had to find a separate SMS app...not cool.	bug report
I like the app alot, however the video viewing quality for androids is quiet bad. Sometimes I have difficulties loading a video as well. N the calendar portion of the app is horrible too. I have to edit it constantly because it always screw up the date that I'm trying to set the event to.	bug report
I like it because I chat with a lot of people	irrelevant information
You made it dear thanks for save our data Love from pak	irrelevant information
I like it but my email because I I keep pressing resends email	bug report
The video sharing was good	irrelevant information
open any conversation or messages. Please fix this. Thank you.	bug report
Great to get the messages needed for a team...or any type of group	irrelevant information
The voice texts. They don't freaking load easily. Its the worst app to be honest	bug report
4 star due to some inconsistencies in the ui on android , pc one works smoothly	bug report
Autolock app should have option kf immediate lock for this app...	feature request
It's been very well a good journey and accepted	irrelevant information
Lots of little things i would change.	feature request
can't log in, in my acc again😬. what a shame	bug report
This new UI is so damn trash. And why does my calls keep disconnecting and reconnecting every 5 seconds?	bug report
Works fine but it doesn't let me send voice messages AND it keeps crashing on mobile. Good app to talk to your friends and what not but the mobile version is a bit of a pain. Opt to using the desktop version, which is way less stressful!!	bug report
The drag and drop system for channel and category reorder needs some work, it doesn't even drag that well, otherwise it's fine	feature request
Still can't share photos directly from gallery app.	bug report
Although an ok app I'm getting msg requests that are spam. Other apps are better as you can't receive spam requests.	bug report
IT DOESN'T LET ME VERIFY. EVEN THOUGH I PUTED THE RIGHT PASSWORD IN MY EMAIL.	bug report
to constantly open the app to see if there is a message	feature request
Wasn't to impressed with it. The quality of calls sucked. The set up and options aren't that great either.	bug report
I've stalked all of my future Baby daddy's thanks to text now😁😁😁😁😁	irrelevant information
Works very well. Quick, easy. And formatting options to boot!	irrelevant information
Great app. Handles sending PDFs as large as 30-40 MB. Thats enough reason to recommend Signal to friends, family, and work colleagues. My standard Samsung Android phone's messaging refuses to send most media files. With Signal, you can send short videos, even.	irrelevant information
Its good but please make it so when you put Scotland, Wales or England emoji in your name it doesnt show up as a black flag because its really annoying.	feature request
Other ph no.#'s will come and they'll go. However, my ph service/number w/TextNow™ will always be the same bec' I'm able to simply download the app, connect to WiFi and it's the same w/every device I use! I just enjoy that part the most. The convenience. Thanks TextNow™!! Adrian Viramontes San José, CA	irrelevant information
It barely send messages or is constantly updating the conversation. This is not a good update.	bug report
It's not free and it don't work with any phone	bug report
Absolutely love love love this app have been using it for 5 years	irrelevant information
WHO'S IDEA OF PHASING OUT SMS SUPPORT?! All my family and friends are deleting the app, as the SMS opcion was one of the main reason they wanted a good app that unified both texting options. As i've said, Signal is getting more and more blinded on trying to look like other chat app, using stories and stupid things like that, but this is really the last error. I'm deleting it too.	feature request
Somedays are better than others so thats the only reason I gave them 3 stars..	irrelevant information
Downloaded the app because my bible study group leader uses it to communicate with us. I wrote a message using this app and it wouldn't appear so the group could see it. Couldn't get it to work so I just went back to using my phone's regular group text.	bug report
Aowsam, this app	irrelevant information
Dear Discord, Please please please bring back the old emoji of "face holding back tears" PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE I LIKE THE OLD ONE MORE!! 😭😭 I'M BEGGING YOU IT'S MY FAVORITE!! Ahem- thank you in advance.	feature request
I can't a new account. Its telling code is send but I didn't receive any of	bug report
The one thing TextNow can add I think should be facetime. I would looovvee for that to happpen. I went to get FREE coverage and it said it doesnt work on my phone. Thanks alot 😑	feature request
Ye things got worst after the update I have to restart the app multiple times to get the messages to show up	bug report
Signal is compromised and is not secure. Just look for the Tucker video regarding an Alphabet pulling up his txts. Great app otherwise. A great bridge between iPhone and androids.	feature request
Okay, no, discord what in the world. The new UI is so bad and difficult to use. It is so much slower and doesn't improve on any of the things listed. Please just listen to the people who use your app for once and reverse this.	feature request
It was simple and was working. Now is full with colors and is slow and not working.	bug report
It stop working their msg system needs to enable as default sms app.	bug report
New UI is ugly and slow, time to ditch discord and use Skype.	feature request
This app are good but the wifi are very slowly but i like a lot.	irrelevant information
Every update is not a bug-fix, but introduces more and worse bugs. Discord, do us a favor and stop developing and updating. We don't need useless features accompanied with bugs that makes all server channels inaccessible. The only updates should be security updates. I really like(d) Discord, if only there weren't these updates. No access to server channels after update. Every channel became marked as unread, affecting desktop discord as well. Discord: 2-5 years ago: 5/5 now: 2/5 soon: 1/5?	bug report
Good lord, who came up with the new UI? Not only is this one less intuitive, it also stutters when changing tabs. Please change it back.	bug report
uodates make the UX worse and worse, the ever "evolving" user interface also doesn't add but rather subtracts by removing all personality and morphing the app into another generic service. they're lucky that there's no viable competition in the niche they work in.	feature request
discord was perfect befor this new update where they changed everything around and now i just find it extreamly annoying to navigate discord. please change it back to the old version	feature request
A little laggy but everything is okay	bug report
I have had this app for little over a month, and when I first downloaded the app it worked amazingly.  But now it is now allowing messages to come through and I have to logout and log back in to receive the "missing messages". Please help by fixing this problem because I have come to realize that I am not the only person with this problem.  If this problem could be fixed this would be a superb app, and would definitely receive five stars. Thanks.	bug report
It works. EDIT: Soon to be not as well as I would like... Dropping support for SMS entirely means I get to choose keeping up with family or only having one texting app. Easy enough choice, but mildly irritating.	feature request
Please don't ditch SMS support or many won't be able to use anymore!	feature request
Becuz u barely can hear the other folk on the other line u got to keep moving around to find a good signal	bug report
I would suggest a few changes.  I would like to be able to change the messages from list format to bubbles.  I would like to be able to tell if the message was read our not.  I would like the option to have each message time stamped.	feature request
My text arent being sent out! Please fix this!	bug report
It keeps logging me out...all.of.the.time!	bug report
Desperately needs a search function. I have spent hours trying to get a python script someone else wrote to work so I can download the messages to search, but I am not a CS grad and it shouldn't be this hard to search the chat history!!	feature request
Echo and bad quality	bug report
Every time I receive a call, the person on the other line always says it echos. Please help or fix this issue.	bug report
Hate the sound of calls n how easily they are dropped	bug report
My shady "employer" uses this app to manage communications between 39 individuals and my phone goes off for every correspondance regaurdless of it being directed at me or anyone else. Super anoyying from 5am- 10pm	irrelevant information
Hard to understand how to get on. I've done everything it asks but can't sign on.	bug report
Good luck getting it set up! On my 4th attempt. They send a number for validation but when I come back to app from message, on a totally different screen. I can't invite friends which renders it absolutely useless. I'm about to throw phone (Not really). They need a better setup process.	bug report
I go to text my friend and she never gets a text she goes to text me and nothing. She has a iPhone does this app not support iphone messaging ? Otherwise a few others I text get the messages . please fix	bug report
love this app and i use it for all of my group chats, but i'm in a band and we can't send each other demos over the app and it's really inconvenient. i'm sure people would like this added for other reasons to so uh... get on that idk thx	feature request
being used by hackers on your phone	irrelevant information
Too many ads. Absolutely annoying. Sometimes I try to close the ad by clicking the x and it just opens it instead. Quite annoying.	bug report
I have been having trouble even sending voice messages and sending specific discord emojis when I open the icon of the emojis it just closes on me please fix this issue	bug report
Figured out how long ago was sleeping I put it in my texts that was a long ago it was on there anywhere else all the internet is down n I told him what he wants to do it today said maybe tomorrow or we can do it today said maybe tomorrow or we can do it today	irrelevant information
I just want to say that it is fantastic	irrelevant information
Turned to garbage with the passing of the time. It doesn't show me the group chats that I'm a member of, no way to find and join them. Very annoying.	bug report
Excellent app but messages sometimes are not received almost instantaneous, it could take hours	bug report
For some reason I've been locked out and I'm a. New user I'm not happy. I would like this issue fixed asap. Ashlee Williams	bug report
Terrible...kicking me out of app...nope never again	bug report
The new UI update's dark theme has too much contrast compared to the old one, it's making my eyes hurt. The app is now also slower.	bug report
Sometimes im not notified when i get a new message	bug report
I can't sign up because I want to join any servers	bug report
*Edit* So I'm no longer receiving any calls. Everything goes to voicemail and even though all of the app's notifications and permissions are turned on I'm not getting notifications. Also SHORTCODES ARE A THING! I can't even validate apps or websites because they can't send me texts through their shortcodes... Why are y'all still having problems with this. If I didn't spend so much money to get my minutes, which I can still use to call out, I'd already be gone!	bug report
it's not as good as it was	irrelevant information
Why is this so retarded	irrelevant information
I like this app I don't have any friends in real life at least I have friends in discord but the rules are too strict	irrelevant information
Kicks you off when you haven't even got going. Took 8 times to connect with my family. Downloaded app made account went to sign in. Told me my account was deleted. Did the same thing, too, my husband and one of my kid's. Other then that it seems to be good now that we got going. Haven't used it in the mountains yet too see if it will work there.	bug report
I lost all my server connections due to a 2FA transfer issue. *edit It persists no matter the network. My 2FA was saved to an authenticator, i had my phone repaired, when i sent the phone in for repairs I tranfered all the phones data to a backup phone, upone getting my original phone back, i tranfered everything back, buy a lot of my 2FA were wiped from the authenticator app. Ive tried restoring the Auth App data, but its gone.	bug report
states oh dear we cannot show this sms on this version. So some tweaks are	bug report
After the update , whenever I join discord voice channels it laggs alot like please fix it.	bug report
I love using the app, but its really really buggy, i would click on a profile and a tiny box would pop up, and not show the full profile, and new dm texts would merge with the name, and most importantly, i would delete a dm and the app freezes completely, i restarted my device and reinstalled it, but it still does the same thing	bug report
Can't join an existing meeting.	bug report
This is stupid	irrelevant information
Poor UI good for calling. Sadly Microsoft hired some one from imo	bug report
I updated and I fixed it in my settings to not synchronize my phone text or calls to the app abd it's doing it. Fix it and be rated higher	bug report
Since the latest update cannot migrate account from one device to an other, it's known but but support cannot provide ETA for fixing. Do not migrate for now.	bug report
Grrrr. ! Its a great app ! I use it for everything but im having problems with it opening ! Please fix !!	bug report
So so touch go	irrelevant information
Unable to login due to "internet connection"... Like any other Microsoft program, 1000 bugs in it...	bug report
This used to be an amazing app and if I could give it an actual rating right now it would be zero and it used to be five it takes forever to load sometimes I spend up to two hours trying to send one message it closes out on its own whenever it wants which is a lot it freezes constantlymaybe you should fix the app then I would be willing to give you a higher star rating but until then this is what we are both stuck with	bug report
I got download the app abd it wont pet ne put more than 3 numbers of area code then it said not vaild i dont reccomended this stupied app	bug report
Never let's calls come through, always messing up, glitches and stops calls ringing through if something on the phone is touched. Worst app.	bug report
Works fine, call quality glitchy.	bug report
Why does the Bing AI exist? It is useless. It says when I try to use it: "Apologies, I am not available for this user. I hope we have the chance to talk in the future! Learn more."	irrelevant information
Won't let you cancel any subscriptions, useless app that doesn't give notifications, I get its free but don't waste your time.	bug report
Seemed to work one issue however I waited on the "Free Version" to receive a text message. I did not receive the text 😒 I am assuming it's the paid version for 9.99$ that's actually working for people. Oh well I guess it was to be expected from a "Free App" don't get your hopes up. Unfortunately thats the issue with apps like this they advertise Free when in reality it's not so free I guess I'll keep browsing Good luck with finding a real working app if you are reading sincerely best of luck👍	irrelevant information
Can not remove notifications. This app seems nothing change since over 5 years	bug report
My SMS app doesn't support SMS anymore. That's cool.	bug report
👍good to be able to stay in touch	irrelevant information
Works pretty good.	irrelevant information
Hi , still can't make voice and video calla from UAE although I tried the censorship circumstances .what's the clue.	bug report
Great app for our club we love it.	irrelevant information
Great Free app. texting is great. Placing calls sometimes acts up. but for the most part Awesome	bug report
I've been using skype for long time, with same device, it turns out at the moment, skype is very much heavier than other IM I'm using, it's lagging (switching from chat to chat, opening emoticons, etc.), I'm not going to upgrade my device so skype can operate fluidly, other IM I'm using like LINE, WhatsApp, Telegram, works fine without lagging.	bug report
Fun and social, but need a lite version so my phone don't burn when am using it and light weight so I guess me more storage	feature request
Main: Not Bad..!?	irrelevant information
After deleting and reinstalling the app I was able to log in.	bug report
Bugging bro after the update , come on fix it 2022 / the new update makes more worse, within 10s the app closes itself 2023	bug report
This app is not dependable. It will freeze while an incoming call is on your screen so you cannot press Answer nor Reject. The app will also restart mid call. I hate that the app is starting to do things like this regularly. For awhile I had it with no issue. But I guess the app is for short calls. Not built to handle a full conversation. :(	bug report
The images won't download half the time. I've re-download the app multiple times just randomly stops	bug report
Does not function properly in calls. It works fine if I do absolutely nothing, but if for whatever reason I need to close the app or multitask while in a call, the app breaks, and more often than not will disrupt normal navigation of my phone. It's incredibly frustrating given that it used to work just fine. It's sad to see an app fall so far.	bug report
I would prefer if it better integrates with the phone book, i.e. that I can select from my phone book to route a call through Skype... The interface is also a bit messy.	feature request
Very garbled calls	bug report
Was great until latest update. Now no notifications are working for me. In settings all notifications are still set to on, but I get no sound, no flashing led, nothing!	bug report
Doesn't open I can't receive messages from work	bug report
Unable to join an important group chat and I've tried everything to be able to fix whatever the issue is.	bug report
Defacto standard for security.	irrelevant information
This app has gotten worse and worse with each update. The glitches are constant—elements like the text input field and sent/received messages do not immediately populate when the app in opened, half of the time the keyboard doesn't render when typing messages, and voice messages often will not play until the app is force closed and reopened. Signal used to be simple and clean but now it has become a glitchy mess as a result of trying to compete with apps like WhatsApp.	bug report
Hello yes it charges 4.99 , I think I deleted your app bc it required me to pay for calls.Here's .You advertise your app for free; it's 4.99 texting and free calling ,my butt the other glitch is I've not made any calls or texts and your app claims I've exceed my limit.!! What limit ? Wth You advertise free unlimited texting calls., so why is there a discrepancy? ,smart business people keep things simple, truthful & transparent . It takes honesty. You're app does charge Mr Pinocchio😜	bug report
Stop updating this godforsaken app. We want bug fixes, not flashy overhauls.	bug report
Too much time consuming as compared with other apps	irrelevant information
This app was perfect now it's horrible my phone never rings I only receive miss calls alert and it's always loading in order for me let make a phone call or message I have to go to missed calls or the call log please fix it is working terrible a used to be a five-star right now it doesn't even deserve they should have never did that new update	bug report
Not good my phone part I can't bri g my phone up to make calls I can only text I've tried all kinds of things to fix this and I cant	bug report
Simply it's the best app I've ever used for for chatting and meeting new people	irrelevant information
Wish you could have a custom profile for free	feature request
It's an okay social app to use, but recently I've been having trouble saving notes on people's profile. It wasn't much of a problem back then, but now it won't save any notes that I write for people that I meet now. Plz fix this.	bug report
Awful forced UI update that made everything pointlessly confusing, constantly overheats phone(no issues at all with heat on any other app), and near constantly crashes my phone completely when trying to flip the camera around when video calling, absolute joke of an app now, been forced to download an older version of the app now to make it bearable again. Stop forcing pointless features and updates that no one wants and maybe fix this dog awful app finally.	bug report
Was good but now it won't let me log in. I tried the troubleshoot techniques. But still nothing	bug report
It used to let me send pics now i cant. FIX IT NOW.  please	bug report
Always been a great app, my main way of talking with friends for years. The new update makes Discord worse than before, but I don't mind it. One thing I do find annoying though is that ever since it came out, a few profile pictures (including my own) haven't been appearing and the friends list is now quite hard to navigate through. Other than that, great app.	feature request
Group me is very reliable and easy to add friends to. Starting groups are also easy & with the link it makes things that much better. I would recommend this chat to those looking for a line of communication.	irrelevant information
Getting rid of sms like they don't know the reason most users have the app is because it supports sms and well as chat.	feature request
Best ever app good to use no complain at all very perfect I love it	irrelevant information
Wow this app!(Discord)I can! Talk,chat,hang out,calling	irrelevant information
Go to be able to keep communication with this app use	irrelevant information
After factory resetting phone I'm unable to load old conversations, especially without passcode. Very inconvenient.	bug report
I click on contacts and see no contacts. I used to be able to see them but not now. And I have a person that wants out of the group but doesn't have the app and only uses the sms and hates getting updates	bug report
The app treats voice chat as a phone call which makes the sound garbage quality for some reason	bug report
Extremely slow	bug report
Idk but I don't need some notifications	irrelevant information
It call was awesome but the vedio quality is ok	bug report
New mobile interface is really difficult to navigate, please go back to old layout	feature request
i havint used it yet but pepole tell me it is relly good dont know if u need sims cuse dont have one ooppss	irrelevant information
Ngl it's uhm- it's pretty good!but when calling and chatting it's better on messenger sorry...	irrelevant information
I really hate this app i can't even connect with my email .When I reinstalled it everything stop working I cannot even open it I hate this app	bug report
I just started using the app. I've heard nothing but good thing abt it.	irrelevant information
The app is great, other than the ads that cover half the screen when reading text messages...but I get that they need to make money somehow so I understand it...wish they were smaller though.	feature request
All I see now are ads	irrelevant information
App worked great for texting and calling in and out! But for the last week it has been horrible it want let me text out and it doesn't notify me when I receive an incoming text. The calls have weak signals even when I am close to wifi connection also it want let me hang up when im done with a call I have to go to my app manager and force stop the app to hang up! It also has been taking my mintues and it want let me watch videos to earn mintues anymore! What happened!	bug report
This makesall other messaging apps look like a few rank amateurs had a crack at developing a bit of code. Its features and stability have been biblical, and the windows client just completes the suite beautifully. Its intuitive interface and distinct lack of any ill judged advertising attempts make it a clear winner in any messaging apps comparison.	irrelevant information
I often found connection problem in this application while calling to someone	bug report
I use the app on mobile a lot and I like the communites there. I'm mainly writing this review to point out a few bugs though. Firstly it has a problem with my phones flipped screen. If the open was opened while my screen was flipped and it's back to normal it splits media and doesn't display the channels and voicecalls at the bottom of my screen if I don't scroll down to view them. Also sometimes there are some channels missing at the bottom.	bug report
Since the useless update, it keeps glitching out for me. Messages don't load in, sometimes i have to uninstall and reinstall just for something to work, the theme is broken, the screen glitches and i can't hit my buttons because they overlap with the samsung buttons at the bottom, things are moved around and iverall more difficult to navigate.	bug report
I've been using the new UI/UX for a couple of weeks now and it is quite simply a complete and utter downgrade in every sense of the word. Now before Discord start on this "you just need to get used to it" nonsense - I have used it every day since it released. It's bad. Things that were once easy to find have been tucked away in submenus, navigation is less intuitive and honestly? It's ugly. Not to mention the accessibility issues of making dark mode worse for many users by making it hig contrast	feature request
fairly decent	irrelevant information
It's very useful but I can't have the screen's video on because it's still loading. And I don't see any settings about video (knowing I'm on mobile ) and that's very tiring because I can't fix my problem.	bug report
Easy to use and works well across platforms	irrelevant information
Its an amazing app with great features, but i've had multiple occasions where i've tried too log in and once it did, none of the servers or chats im in wouldnt load.	bug report
Would have put 5*but i dont see why you need wi-fi to text or call	feature request
liked it better when I could swipe the screen to see what server members were on instead of clicking the "#general" or name of the chat to see who is on...	feature request
Keeps signing me out. Wont let me back in. Have to uninstall and reinstall 2 to 3 times to get back into it. Used to be a fantastic app. Not so much anymore	bug report
I think this app has to much stuff	irrelevant information
It closes when I try to post images or videos in channels and it's really annoying. I hope they fix the issue.	bug report
Why online status is not showing	bug report
To slow makes phone freeze etc problems	bug report
Very unreliable, this app constantly fails to notify group members of messages.	bug report
I don't know what is happening to this app? If you want register it keep saying account can not be created? I could have rate nothing. Pls make this app connected to people	bug report
Don't just like it. After several downloading and installing, yet it won't install and finally consuming my data for no good course 😔	irrelevant information
Maybe be getting taken on this app not sure	irrelevant information
Extremely slow on my Samsung Note 10+.	bug report
vTap on a clip to paste it in the text box. cc I'll do it anymore I'm ft t mom took the h.	irrelevant information
Skype has improved and is useful now as a World Wide communication	irrelevant information
Great quality	irrelevant information
Why is it that receiving texts now are a problem. I see texts come in but when I open them, they dissapear. This is crazy. I pay for the app and it's not working. It's been going on for months now. Ridiculous!	bug report
I was calling back to back no drop calls I can hear clearly its the best one you can get free	bug report
Wouldnt let me send videos or pictures all of a sudden on mobile :/	bug report
Never had a problem with this app	irrelevant information
The wifi connection while using the app is poor.	bug report
Please tell me you can change the new official UI back to the original. This one is an improvement, but i still don't like it. Like, why would you use a back button instead of hamburger icon on the channel chat to go see all of my channel? Or why should i tap on the top navigation bar to see who's online, while the old one works perfectly? Please add it back. Thank you	feature request
The new update is horrible; Garbage design that makes it harder to see what messages you receive. Great job discord Make your app 10 times worse and five times harder to use let's see how many people you keep.	feature request
I hate how we need mintues and when i call someone we can't hear each other	bug report
Nothing but fake people on here and scammers	irrelevant information
I have been using this app for almost 4 years and this app is great! But in this new update, it keeps crashing and takes me back to my tablet home screen, i tried many times to fix but it doesn't work. I request the team to fix this. :(	bug report
Slower than watching concrete dry. Calls are pretty much not worth the time. I can hear the other party but they cant hear me, when it actually connects, and thats standing next to my router on 300gb service. Way to many ads. UNLESS YOU PAY, then its fine.	bug report
alright thanks for response but ill put it up i guess i love the app its great bye now	irrelevant information
This app is really bad worse	irrelevant information
I love the app no doubt BUT now the app tricks my phone into thinking its a call and now i can barley hear anything could yall fix this?	bug report
They're dropping SMS/MMS support. So this will become a standalone messaging environment, and that's all it'll be for me. I won't be using it as my default messaging platform any further	feature request
Always missed call! Do not why no ringing at all. Even a setting	bug report
Ok, I HATE the fact you have to spend money to get more call time. By the way the extra offerings are TERRIBLE, well unless you want to spend a lot of money. I say DO NOT EVER GET THIS APP, Unless you have that kind of money to spend. If someone can get back to me that would be great.	feature request
I love the service and all of it. But the one thing I hate is the bugs like the recent bug where we can't send pictures to each other. But I trust that you the company of discord can fix it And many other bugs i'm not saying I hate the platinum I like it a lot and I use it every day Just for pictures servers all that talking to my friand the recent bug Just puts me in a lot of other Users off because we are not allowed to send pictures to each other any more	bug report
Great to talk with people & have my meetings	irrelevant information
first u can send bad mems that are inapportate	irrelevant information
App crashed when tries to share the screen during a call in Android 11	bug report
It won't load my messages anymore. Just started earlier today. Please fix. I need some important text messages I'm missing. Samsung epic	bug report
Buggier than a rotten log. Freezes a lot, speaker phone goes on and off erratically, also i magically went from 30 minutes remaining to 0, despite barely being able to ger a call through, so i know i did not run throught these minutes. Nice try trying to screw me into buying minutes for this garbarge fire if an app. Never again will I. This app used to be decent, but i guess the company has become greedy and shady now, like so many others.	bug report
Still learning but the top working with all GREAT 👍	irrelevant information
Crypto payments and now dropping SMS support ??? talk about dumb moves .. you have lost me and I've used it for years.	feature request
The app is perfect for calling people when you have no wifi👍	irrelevant information
Haven't been able to change my number. Tried online and it said it couldn't why	bug report
Pretty good for a wifi calling app. I like it better than the others currently available, but still have issues being notified if the app is not open on my device already...it only notifies me when I'm logged into it and its open in the background still.	feature request
I've been a paying customer of discord for years now. Never have I come closer to discarding the app entirely before this last update. It's buggy, ugly, and ruins so many great aspects of discord past. Going into my settings crashes the entire app. It's laggy and snaps to the new area instead of the slow, smooth pan it used to have. I will be cancelling my nitro subscription until this is fixed.	bug report
Is not a free app	irrelevant information
It's so buggy I keep disconnecting and my phone freezes at times while on discord and it only happens when I have discord open, it was good at first but I don't know what happened afterwards, it's very disappointing	bug report
Like it but don't like the fact meta can tap in	feature request
Not easy to respond to	feature request
i paid this but never get the credit or service. I contact skype but skype ask me to write to goolgle to get refund but google reject.	bug report
Extremely slow and sluggish. It used to be better...	bug report
Microsoft Windows problem always occurs , so i could never login and use this app	bug report
good for communicating with group members. would be cool if you could video chat with people too.	feature request
Bro like idk how to do a acc bc I try literally everything Gmail,phone number anything but ig with some tut I can do a acc hopefully <3	irrelevant information
This used to be a great app until the UI update last year. Ever since then discord has been extremely buggy on Android and almost a year later these issues persist, I am not able to send something as basic as a video without the audio getting replaced with a loud static. It's embarrassing how something like this gets past quality control, but I guess this joke of an app is here to stay as most users have just accepted it and discord has no pressure to fix this app. Just unacceptable.	bug report
not sure why but recently i haven't been able to see another persons camera (infinite loading loop) whenever they've been on, but mine works fine. i can see the cameras on the desktop version but not on the app at all.	bug report
2 months ago this app was great. No need to change at all. Are you trying to be retarded by upgrading this??? Pending friend requests do not show. Must use computer to see them. Wish i could revert to last version on mobile. Sucks.	bug report
Discord is a really good app for chatting, making friends and stuff but there's this one issue I've been facing recently, there's this one specific server that whenever I enter it, my Discord crashes. I've reinstalled the app to see if I could enter the server without Discord crashing and it worked. It only worked for 4-7 minutes and then after that it started crashing again. Please fix this.	bug report
App barely works most of the time, react native broke pretty much all the features that a community app needs. Edit: Discord has responded with a cookie cutter response, they want me to submit a ticket. Just use it on desktop it's more useable albeit run by the same dev team (lots of ex-Twitter employees, wonder why the app is turning bad)	bug report
has continued to get worse with time and updates	bug report
Free fire	irrelevant information
Except for some glitches and it freezes sometimes it's not too bad of an app	bug report
Signal has been my default text messaging app, going back to 2012 when it was named TextSecure. Sadly I've uninstalled the Signal app and have changed to a different texting app. I understand that dropping support for SMS and MMS is a security decision but I still need to be able to communicate with all the other people who are using different text messaging services. SMS/MMS are very dated and limited but they're the only common standards that all those other texting apps still support.	irrelevant information
it easy to set up and use immediately	irrelevant information
Remone the add free components of this app. I do not want to continue having to pay for add free service. I don't mind seeing adds because there might be some add for a product or service a may want.	feature request
Giv Me Nitro And Take 5 Stars 🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹	irrelevant information
This is the best discord	irrelevant information
Amazing 😍 I wish more people would use it!	irrelevant information
App works fine but the latest layout updates are absolutely terrible and make everything so much harder for no reason.	feature request
the most funniest company	irrelevant information
Poorly written software only occasionally allows me to upload photos and gifs.	bug report
They ight	irrelevant information
sometimes I dont get notified when someone messages but it's a very useful app.	feature request
Too many femboys tbh	irrelevant information
The theme is good but the function suck... 😖 i even dnt know that who is online nd who is not .. its all like all the gliters r not gold..😐	feature request
My phone updated this app and all my in app text are gone how do I get them back	bug report
You need Wi-Fi for this to work even though it clearly says you don't need Wi-Fi	bug report
Its the beat app to text and call on its so easy!!😀😀😀😀😀	irrelevant information
Not bad just don't like how information is sold ro third partys	irrelevant information
After updating the app recently, I am unable to see any of my previous chats, even after refreshing.	bug report
Nope ip	irrelevant information
Mostly just a data gathering app designed to build a profile on its users. Suddenly can not NOT synch contacts. I guess it's a good thing I don't store contacts on my phone otherwise Microsoft would have all my friends' and familys' personal information. They didn't give MS permission to "borrow" it and neither did I. MS has become just another scumbag mega-corp that considers we users to be the product they sell. They also pay people to give 5-star reviews. Remember that when you read these.	bug report
Skype is crystal clear and audio vibrant with joyful sound. I just visited my brother whom we haven't seen in a minute. Due to COVID-19. WAS ABLE TO DO SO TODAY. I'M IN TEARS OF JOY RIGHT NOW. THANK U SKYPE & Correctional facilities for the wiggle room.	irrelevant information
Works pretty good from what I can tell	irrelevant information
I have trouble with calls being dropped. Unable to get verification codes from banks, businesses unless I upgrade plan which, of coarse, requires a monthly fee. The sim card was requested, never received... and unable to find how to contact TextNow to fix this and get another Sim sent.	bug report
Big lie! They never offer free phone number 😡	irrelevant information
Getting signed onto this app is not easy. Took several attempts and help from others. But once you are in, it is a good avenue for keeping up with friends.	bug report
The UI of this app has become buggy to the point of being unusable in recent months. Profiles , search boxes and other popups become extremely narrow, meaning that nothing can be searched until I restart the apps (and the issue returns after a while) and the app also often clips through the phones UI, making it impossible to return to call screens	bug report
Everything is good but photos and video are not saved in galary automatically	feature request
You have to buy time to call out ... duh thats not free !!!!!	irrelevant information
It was better before the upgrade	bug report
Still trying	bug report
It's good Don't like the ad tho	irrelevant information
Doesnt receive some text messages such as verification numbers	bug report
This best app	irrelevant information
Won't let me send pictures to people that aren't using Text Free!	bug report
tony and	irrelevant information
My contact's Skype client downloaded the file, and boom - all the secret	irrelevant information
People are on here asking for money all the time...	irrelevant information
It is a good app for talking and stuff but I have a massive problem, when you join a server it I common for you to verify by reacting to a message. I use discord on mobile and I can't verify to any messages as there is no option to so I am very limited on the number of servers I can join which can get very annoying. Im not sure if this is a common glitch or it's the actual device but I tried on my phone and iPad both not working. Please respond as it is getting annoying	bug report
service and cannot.	irrelevant information
This is a basic app. It gets your message out. Unable to figure out how to erase messages.	feature request
When you downloaded it is so slow	bug report
it's a good app you can call people from all over the world it's just like regular contacts but the only thing bad about it is you need the internet to call people	feature request
Excellent app, we use it all the time	irrelevant information
Why do my messages get deleted ? I never delete them and when i log back in the next day they just disapeared ....	bug report
It works but I can't delete any messages so now I have a message from some random girl (along with a picture of her huge backside) asking me about nude pictures. I archived it but it still shows up on my phone. Makes no sense why I can't delete things I don't want to see.	bug report
Honestly, the latest update has its pros but more cons, its lame than before, The members list has been moved, the notification thing looks ugly and everything is circular, its becoming the same as any other messaging app now. It truly sucks.	feature request
This app is not good for more than 6 people interacting. The layout of the people's windows seems very messy. If it is more than 6 people then the rest 2-3 people are visible in small round windows. And if it is more than 9 people then you won't be able to see more than 8 people, just audio. Atleast you should be able to select the people, whose a/v you want to see, because there is no way to select the people whose video you want to see. Hopefully someone will take care of this.	feature request
It takes time to sign up....	feature request
currently using Samsung Galaxy S23, and ive found that whenever i open the app through a notification, pictures in the chat dont get formatted properly, cutting off partially on the right side. but more importantly, so does the emojiboard. i have to close and reopen the app to fix it, but it's bothersome that i cant access half of my frequently used emojis cause the UI reaches further than my phone screen goes. just to clarify- my phone's emojiboard is fine, it's specifically the in-app one.	bug report
Since 2016 I've been using Discord since 2016. I've been through all the changes but Nitro was the worst one. Pay for this, pay for that. It's okay to pay for a customisable profile. But sending specific emotes? It was already an option back then, plus now you can pay to make your app icon look "cool" though this is something anyone can do with any app. A lot of paywalls just for money making. Like I'm glad I can still at least use the app for free. Let's see if that changes.	feature request
Dam thing is always shutting down.	bug report
The app keeps logging me out of my account, and I don't receive important messages! Please fix!	bug report
Why cant I change my name in each group im in like I could before?	feature request
I used to like this app until it stopped working without a VPN, then I PAID them to lock my number. Then I sent Happy Easter messages to my friends and they canceled, locked my account for terms violation?? Then what did I pay for??? Give me my money back jerks, why would I pay you and then NOT be able to message all my friends? What a stupid app.... THERE WERE A LOT OF ANNOYING ADS TOO	bug report
A little challenging to figure out but works	irrelevant information
I hate that stupid it won't even let you send a video to your to your friends then I always keep on texting your phone I hate that stupid out and I miss them my battery and it's how you get on there so I'm all dissident dissident and I give you one-star cuz I hate it	bug report
Use to work grear, now too many errors.	bug report
The "new mobile experience" is clunky. It's unintuitive for new and old users. I no longer swipe left to see the server member list, no, that makes me reply. I have to tap the channel name and it lists them? For every channel? The (ugly imo) ui changes I could get used to. Wouldn't be the first time with Discord. The layout changes in this newest update are just awful and frustrating, especially considering muscle memory.	feature request
It provides me satisfying experience!	irrelevant information
I enjoy group me. I can have conversations with many people with no confusion. The app has been invaluable to me and my lifestyle.	irrelevant information
Good app when your down and out with very little money	irrelevant information
as a nitro user whose precious dollars are lining your pockets: quit making changes that nobody wants or asked for. you don't even bother to spend the extra time to optimise them. following the UI overhaul, the app is now unusable. the fact that im going to have to use the website on mobile... make it make sense. what a horrible company, actually	bug report
i hate the new layout, also theres tons of glitches after it released too.	bug report
The new layout not only overcomplicates things, but makes everything buggy	bug report
Always poor connection I think this is new version? Better the old version was okay	bug report
Worked for the first few weeks, but now it won't let me log in. I've tried everything I can think of besides a factory reset of my phone, but it always says, "unexpected error, please try again" when I try to log in	bug report
I have tried to sign up several times. I never receive the pin.	bug report
New update is wack. Please give us the old UI	feature request
I'm actually very upset with the new updates to discord. The app used to be so nice to use and wouldn't look ugly. They removed their dark dark mode and now it's just this weird grey. You could unlock the dark dark mode if you pressed dark mode 10 times, but they don't have that anymore. I don't like the new font either, and the logo. I wish we could go back to discord's original state, when things weren't so ugly and finicky to use.	feature request
Good way to stay connected with a group not attached to your phone	irrelevant information
I have no clue what happened but it updated recently and it's now buggy. Profiles are half invisible unless I scroll them further up, reply bars are low and I always have to drag it up now and I'm on mobile and never had to before	bug report
Can't show Chinese charactors	bug report
Downloaded it 5 times but it won't open. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME	bug report
Don't get me wrong, discord is a well established platform, but all of these verification things make it hard for me to simply log in. I do not have access to my email I attached to my main account, so I try and use my phone number but it still tells me to check my email. I know this is only for safety, but they could tone it down a knotch. Also, the new updates have been a pain for me. Aside from all of this, Discord is a good communication platform, I definitely recommend it.	feature request
I am relieved I didn't pay for Nitro, since the latest app change that was updated on my device without my permission, has decreased my overall interaction with the app due to the various changes that other reviewers also stated, and making me learn new methods of doing things that I don't have time to learn. Thanks developers for saving me money 😁	feature request
Ver good, the call time is limited so that is why it isn't 5 but the text works great, you can send pictures and text, very nice.	irrelevant information
Perfect for gaming communication	irrelevant information
It wont open my messeges and keeps sending me back to the loading screen	bug report
It won't receive texts even after upgrade	bug report
What a disappointment that i cant link androidntablet as secondary device (really big)	feature request
Stupid!!!it would not let me sign up without facebook but i dont have one and i cant get one either	bug report
Recent update messed up the mobile version so badly, i can't see half of the channels and have to guess, i have to reload constantly because there's "connection errors" and i cant even change my pfp or banner now :/	bug report
Hate it. Got 2-5+ spam calls or a day and the quality of the calls wasn't great. 2 stars instead of one because at least the damn thing worked.	bug report
Trying to set up a profile to join an existing group I've been invited to. Can't get past registration, no idea what the app is like due to an "unknown error". I've tried red installing and different methods of signing up. Not a clue what to do	bug report
Best and better than What's App. Thanks for making this.	irrelevant information
Trash.... Verification required??? Then after putting the code, limited resource???	irrelevant information
Absolutely amazed cant believe I can do it for free I'm a teen and this is perfect for a startup number for kids	irrelevant information
I used the app it was good at first but then LOTS if unknown calls kept calling me also text I do not like it but keep up the good work 😜	bug report
It is a very good way to cleanly communicate amongst several people! I'm sure the $$ version is great allowing for more bells and whistles.	irrelevant information
I lose all my credit without using it.	bug report
There are much better apps that serve the same purpose.	irrelevant information
This experience is so much 😝	irrelevant information
Loved this app, but the new ui from the latest update is a massive downgrade. Probably won't use it much anymore unless they change it back.	feature request
Nitro is a very costly!	irrelevant information
require a +1 dialing prefix. The Skype app somehow failed to put the +1	feature request
honestly this app ruined my mental health first. whenever i log out and log in. no matter how right i type the passwords in It ALWAYS tell me that something is wrong. I needed to get important screenshots from my old acc and when I logged in It told me that im not typing the password right. as an artist I lost supporters my important informations my friends you guys need to fix this or this'll go downwards	bug report
the only encrypted messaging app I fully trust	feature request
Keeps me Connected with Important People!	irrelevant information
Videos fail to lead more often then not, plus the garbage video upload implementation requires that you do it from within the app instead of from the gallery. It's been this way since they first added video support. Update: still garbage. Wish I could get my family to try something else.	bug report
The new update looks just like snap chat I like how it wasn't with the new update I want to change it back but it wouldn't let me so I got to say this but I want the old discord back the new update is making me lag really badly to the point I can't even text	feature request
It was working good but one day it stopped allowing me to see pics. And I can't fix it. Plz help.	bug report
I love the fact I can change my number as many times as I want	feature request
The past week using discord on my Samsung Galaxy tab8 Ultra in a voice channel I am constantly getting disconnected from the call, but it doesn't actually kick me out. I can still hear everything everyone is saying but they cannot hear me. I have updated the discord app and my tablet to make sure it's not on my end. It cannot be my internet because I can still hear everyone perfectly fine. discord nitro is already an absolute waste of $10 a month but with this issue I am canceling until fixed.	bug report
I can't send pic why	bug report
Good for its purpose but won't let me block unwanted calls or unknown numbers so I get called 40 times a day by the same person so nice settings guys really appreciate it	feature request
Keep getting kicked out over and over everytime I post something in dms or server and ends crashing whenever I get back on. Im using mobile btw it's frustrating.	bug report
This was a great app, but not everyone I message uses it, so there's no point keeping it without sms coming through. I hope they reconsider bc I feel like they're going to lose a lot of people.	feature request
Too much slow, Very bad. Couldn't enter into the sign in page. Just showing loading.	bug report
I love some of the features of this app, having the ability to make calls and text from an actual phone number. However, on both incoming and outgoing calls it drops like 95% of the time. I can hear the other person, but they can't hear me. This usually happens within 5 minutes of making the call, regardless of the strength of my Wi-Fi. It's very annoying, if this issue was resolved I would definitely rate 5 stars.	bug report
Was hacked while using this app, I think	bug report
Since no longer supporting a Skype phone, the service has gone downhill, I am not at all pleased with it.	irrelevant information
I suppose it does the job although for the average person there's really no way to know for sure....	irrelevant information
It would be really nice if the app would spell my name correctly idk what's wrong with it I set up my profile with the correct spelling and it shows the correct spelling, but anytime I send a message it spells my name wrong!	bug report
Help stay in touch with my church family	irrelevant information
App is weird plus glitches way too much	bug report
It says local call rate is $0.042, but when I called it took more than $0.12. This is very very disappointing. I will never use this app for local calls.	bug report
Was great.....now not so much. I cant send messages to any of my groups. It shows sent but no one receives it. I uninstalled and installed again hoping it would correct it and still no luck. What happened cause it has worked great for so long till this past weekend.	bug report
McLeod anywhere	irrelevant information
Login not working, some sort of error. I logged out because calls were not working, and now it is not letting me log back in to the account i've had for 2-3 years.	bug report
Update is a joke and cant revert what aweful devs it was perfectly fine before	bug report
Have been using it for 2years now and I really loved the app	irrelevant information
It's a good app I just wish more people used it for group chats	irrelevant information
Limited use because very few use it. I primarily use another service	irrelevant information
App keeps crashing and freezing	bug report
Ok I love it but I bought nitro before the price dropped last year and cancelled the subscription but they're just not cooperating, like I've removed the subscription alr 😭	feature request
Great app aside from it stating it needs updated to use it with the game booster app on Android.	feature request
It works, although it is constantly downloading bs using up all your data even when you haven't used it all day. Half my monthly data was used in a matter of a couple days.	bug report
After the new update, I am not getting any notification about new messages	bug report
Very cool massaging app👌🏻 compare to WhatsApp😏 now WhatsApp is a social media app only for earn profit not massaging app. Now only reels are left in WhatsApp.😂 We need the same app that Jan Kom and Brian Acton created not for profit only for everyone❤️❤️ And right now Brian acton is not on WhatsApp because he does not like useless updates which are made only for money. This is Created by Moses Marlinspeak and WhatsApp co-founder Brian Acton. ❤️❤️	irrelevant information
Back up calls for when I ain't got a sim card	feature request
The connection service and lag is pretty bad sometimes.	bug report
it keeps bugging and the voice msgs wont let me send them.	bug report
The app would be great all 5 stars, If only I receive the notifications that I have messages. I have to continuously refresh the messages just to get my messages and the messages be late	bug report
Overall like the update just cant send photos or videos anymore	bug report
I am now having to reinstall this app because it freezes up and I'm not receiving any phone calls or messages. Used this before and it was good, going to see if reinstalling it and see what happens.	bug report
Every sever link i click on, its always expired.	bug report
Zero minutes upon start that's not free Got your reply Just tried again. Still the same zero minutes	bug report
Update: recently, within the past 1.5 months, I have have 4 instances where the app would not download messages from a group chat, or send any messages to the group chat. This isn't acceptable. I'm hoping to hear back from support about this being fixed. Additionally, it seems that Signal is no longer supporting SMS messages? This means that to text a non-Signal user, you have to use a different messaging app. That's very annoying and inconvenient. Why would you do this?	bug report
Great to communicate with people all around the world.	irrelevant information
There was still this bug in October 2023 (updating or restarting the app fixed it for now..) where sometimes the chat content gets stuck on one chat even if you try to open another channel to see its content. Same bug has been there a year or two ago. The indicator about someone typing seems to update accordingly though.	bug report
While I have had an account with Skype practically since the original debute of the service, I am going to have to restrict it's use to just my laptop for now. I am not using a high-end smartphone, and frankly this app eats too much of my system memory when installed to keep it in the system architecture on a permanent basis.	irrelevant information
frustrating experience. Please make Skype contact lisr as simple as phone	feature request
Not worth your X	irrelevant information
Since there is a new my discord has been crashing And everytime I join a server by a link it say I need to verify email But I already verified it pls fix this problem	bug report
The fact that i can only hide but NOT DELETE spam, fraud, sexual, etc messages is telling about this company. This app will ALWAYS be a last resort app. Stay away	feature request
Good app, but it takes up too much space.	feature request
It was ok,It gave me alot ads on my tablet even when it was off.	bug report
Come onnn the update isn't THAT bad	irrelevant information
not recieving my notifications and gettingbthem late.	bug report
Discord once was a really good platform as it allows you to fully manage your participants using roles. But the recent update is really a mess. I'm having problems reorganizing my roles, dragging up and down and when I try to save, the arrangements won't save. I really hope you could fix this because it's really getting annoying.	bug report
Yikes, they pushed an update in December that resigned the app and it's awful. It takes multiple seconds to launch, even when it's already open, it stalls between selecting servers, and I encountered a repeatable bug where photos I'm attempting to upload to a server were silently shared in a DM. No way to opt out, and there is not a single response about concerns in their support forum.	bug report
Video chat is private and very good camera and comfortable room is so good 👍	irrelevant information
this app is the worst for making call and the text half the time dont go through as if life doesnt suck enough trying to get folk to share wifi thank you so much technology's finest! $?🏳	bug report
Worst calling service ever! I would rather cal on face book most of the time	bug report
Still it needs to be more involved with my daily tasks. Print screenshots, send contacts, rubrics (for receipts, payment confirmations, check-able to do lists)	feature request
Really good but too much adds	irrelevant information
Facing issues with Skype app. Tried using different phones,  but cannot load my conversations,  neither can I view latest IMs.  Surprisingly there is no easy way to contact the support.	bug report
Has way more ads after update	bug report
For last couple of months voice call become very unreliable with constant audio breaks for both sites. Used to be better than WA	bug report
Totally Awesome.. make sure you have a very high-quality Wi-Fi	irrelevant information
little bit love I got for the app	irrelevant information
When i made an account and tried so many are codes, none of them worked, and then when i try later it always says "an error has occured"	bug report
My app experience used to be terrible after every passing update i almost lost hope with this app but today after this auto update it's a lot smoother. Like! i mean.. they fixed almost 85% of issues and that within a week after giving bad review on play store 😆. Thank you Discord Team, totally not expecting this.. and refreshed look is awesome👌😎 i love it. please make side bar sliding smooth it still lags every now-n-then even when smooth internet and plenty of ram available.	feature request
I like using this app it's pretty all right it just freezes up a lot I just ordered the Sim kit so once I get that I will see how it works and let y'all know	bug report
I LOVE THIS APP THERE'S NOTHING LIKE GREAT JOB 👍	irrelevant information
bringback old discord mobile UI, the new one is suck	feature request
In my Samsung galaxy J3 (2016) phone skype is so old. I mean after installing the new updates the skype remains the same old which I am just not liking. How can I install the new updated version of it ?	feature request
Update: Apparently I lost my number and when I try to get a new number the only number that shows is my number. I have no options for any other number. INCOMING CALLS NEVER CONNECT. if I could I'd give 0 stars. Ads everywhere on every screen and after every action. Incoming calls rarely connect right, I can hear them but they cant hear me. I used to like this app before. The ads are always in the way.	bug report
Interesting and friendly	irrelevant information
Been using this app for quite sometime and loved it no issues at all.  Calls were excellent.  HOWEVER, since I decided to download a game to get 14 free minutes, I am getting phone calls all the time from people I never asked to call me.  CLEARLY THIS IS THE SERVICE LETTING U THINK UR GETTING FREE MINUTES WHEN I  REALITY YOU ARE USING UP THOSW FREE MINUTES WITH THEIR SPONSORED CRAP.  I CALL THE NUMBERS BACK AND THEY WONT CONNECT.  I ANSWERED 2 CALLS JUST TO SEE WHO IT WAS.  HIGHER EDUCATION, I DID NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS!  I EMAILED YOU GUYS TWICE WITHIN THE LAST WEEK AND NO RESPONSE.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  IM UNINSTALLING AND FINDING ANOTHER APP TO USE.	bug report
TAKE IT BACK TO THE PREVIOUS UI! KEEP THE THEME OPTION BUT GO BACK TO PREVIOUS UI!	feature request
Skype is an essential tool for my global travel, I rely on it for quality communications between work ands home. My only complaint is they keep changing and messing up the user interface, moving buttons around and breaking its operation. I would have given it 5 stars otherwise.	feature request
This app is very good for people that don't use WhatsApp	irrelevant information
It's great for calling international but you should offer more for	feature request
A good place to share memes with friends!	irrelevant information
The game is so nice but it has a full lagging	bug report
Love this app. People who complain must not appreciate free service and cheap plans. It's awesome . You can call and text for free. I feel like this app should be awarded something.	irrelevant information
Its a good app in general, im seriously stressed out from loosing my account. It isn't deleted, i just lost the authentication. Please make it to where if you lost authentication it could send something to your email to recover your account cause idk why but this is extremely stressful.	feature request
I can't login in discord some of problems fix this	bug report
Its a great platform for mass comms either for store employees or friends without social media. Its almost similar to sc but it wont delete what was said	feature request
The call was great but the app sucks. There are no controls for anything. Can't edit a contact. Can't delete a contact. Can't look up a contact etc. There is no settings feature. VERY POOR design. VERY user unfriendly. SUCKS!!!	bug report
This app is stupid doesn't giv me notifications that i got messages till i hav about 10 messages should update it or make a real app if your gonna make 1!!!	bug report
Unfortunately removing SMS support/integration had made this app unusable for me. I spent months getting people to use it, but because everyone I know that used it has less than 10% of their contacts on Signal, they've made the decision to use different apps. So now I am forced to as well. It sucks, because I really liked this app.	feature request
It's good! But my camera doesn't turn on when I press the button. Please try to fix it	bug report
Nice and big	irrelevant information
Nice app, but started crashing a lot recently. Idk what's wrong, have cleared all data and it still crashes. Didn't change anything, today was the first time it happened since the last update, so i suppose update is not the reason. Please help, i would love to use signal further.	bug report
Can't see you online. I don't know if the customer is active. Please turn it on. And everything else is fine	bug report
Phone number signed up to signal unauthorized. How does this happen. It's a magic jack number.	bug report
Went blank. ..week later I still don't have some of my conversations back.	bug report
App keeps crashing every time i post a picture. Just use discord.	bug report
Great app. Keeps my coworkers and I informed of what needs done and we can show the boss and keep her updated.	irrelevant information
Reliable free app, I've used it for years with no major issues. Recently I have got a lot of bot calls, but whatever.	irrelevant information
I love discord but sometimes on my phone it won't let me send stuff even if I turn on and off the Wi-Fi	bug report
Charged the 4.99, yet made me pick a different number and wanted the charge again. Refund this now. Ridiculous	bug report
Cant figure out how to delete messages? Or can't you?	feature request
Texting great if no pics but phone calls are terrible	bug report
terrible app. need to use it for a work group chat but I can't get past the login/sign up page. it's frustrating as I'm left out of important conversations. I've contacted groupme severally and their support is worse than the app. don't use this app there are much better group chat apps to choose from	bug report
DO not understand why my account closed without notice, could tou tell me how to contact textnow to find out the reason of closing my account and have my account reopen?	bug report
It's a great way for my friends and I to communicate, but I personally dont get notifications unless I have just previously been in the app. I've checked my settings multiple times and there isnt anything turn off there. I also know a couple of my friends have the same problem too.	bug report
It doesent let u call any number ownly some doesent have ur area code drops calls fix it	bug report
Simple straightforward App Love the backup feature Easy to transfer from phone to phone without involving emails, account etc	irrelevant information
The new update just made it even worse good job	bug report
Horrible call experience! Every time I make or receive a call just a few minutes into the conversation, an add pops up and disconnects the call, or it causes the other person to not be able to hear me leading to a disconnected call. Also, I can hear myself echo in the background, which is super annoying.	bug report
This app does fine with SMS. It has a problem with receiving MMS from non-Signal apps. I have tested with 5 phones -- 2 on android 8, 1 on 9, and 2 on 11. These were with 2 carriers -- at&t and Verizon. All have the latest update of Signal. All of the phones receive MMS when not using Signal. All receive MMS with Signal when it is from another phone using Signal. None can download MMS images from a non-Signal app when using Signal even after following Signal Help. Do a search - it's not just me.	bug report
Please add an account switcher feature for people with more than one account, please!	feature request
Echoes when I use the phone, freezes when I open it. The other user also has the app. For free its a great idea. Thank you.	bug report
When you updated the UI the first time time, it was weird but still ok. when you updated the UI this time, it was so disgusting and hard to look at that I forcefully reverted it back to the old layout. Sick of companies that used to be pro-consumer turning around and being hostile to their users. I hope all of your cars flip on the freeway.	bug report
I tried using the frontal camera to take a picture and video but it gets really dark, even with the light on. I don't know if it's something to do with my Motorola Edge 20 Lite or just the app, but I'm really disappointed.	bug report
Disconcerting. From your privacy policy: "If you use an email address provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, to access Microsoft online services, the owner of the domain (e.g., your employer) associated with your email address may: (i) control and administer your Microsoft online services account and (ii) access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files."	irrelevant information
Pretty good app, the ads are annoying tho	irrelevant information
What the absolute hell, this new layout interface is terrible its a train wreck and horrible to navigate on the app now.	feature request
The one issue that exists is, when I want to share photos or videos, it asks for storage permission by which this app will have access to all of my media, which I don't feel is necessary, Android OS provides an option to let pick selected media without having to access all the media on device. Please consider this request.	feature request
I still haven't received any calls however I was able to update finally to actually be able to accept short codes... I feel like I've been living under a rock FML	bug report
I don't like it that much I don't have it any more	irrelevant information
I just purchased TextFree service for $9.99/mo. It said my balance of $10.00 was insufficient so I provided alternate. So when the new number is called, it says Disconnected. What's up with that?	bug report
It is not fully optimized	bug report
Great calling/chatting app, discord allows me to do wonderful things tbh, I love how they allow GIF'S that are already installed onto the phone. Although I have a minor issue that I think they need to upgrade or fix. When calling I can hardly hear the person I'm talking to, either the call makes voice cracks or the call just immediately cuts off their voice out of nowhere, tbh being on vc on Roblox just seems to be more clear, nothing against this app. I just feel like they need to fix this.🫶	bug report
It would be nice if I can receive pictures.  I've tried multiple times sending from my phone to the tablet.  Text works fine but pictures do not come through.	feature request
Chat screen ways opens showing not the newest messages but somewhere super high in the convo with a "load more messages" button. Messages do not show in proper order. The new message notification is not going away even if I'm on the bottom of the chat where it had been sent to.	bug report
A lot of spam msg	irrelevant information
New update on mobile is causing HUGE lagging issues, and is way less efficient - you used to be able to mostly swipe your way through the app, but pivoting between chats and servers has added unnecessary bulk. I could maybe have gotten used to it if it was as fast as the previous UI, but it seems like the change has negatively impacted loading speeds and caused glitches in switching between servers.	bug report
Was nice while it lasted	irrelevant information
its awesome	irrelevant information
Absolutely sucks! I can't even delete my account	bug report
I rarely had any issues with this app before the most recent update. The update didn't even break anything to my knowledge, they just changed most of the ui and made it much more difficult to find the features I'm looking for. Why discord? There was nothing wrong with the way your app worked before, and there was no reason to overcomplicate the user experience. I've been using discord since 2016 and each pointless update makes me wish for a worthwhile competitor more and more.	feature request
Only thing it needs is for it to notify me when someone is calling then it would be perfect.	feature request
App is gud as you dont have limitation of members. But its quiet slow.	bug report
Love the platform, but two things make me not use the mobile version. Screen sharing does not work, I can't watch any stream for at least 4 months now. UX is okey-ish but UI itself is laggy, animations stutter and the settings could be organised in a better way.	feature request
you can't understand it where you normally could	bug report
It's decent works well no complaints	irrelevant information
Can't see Other people	bug report
Photos and videos don't show	bug report
I have been trying to fix my problem and the customer service was not helpful. They even stopped trying to help after 2 months of giving me wrong advice. You need a number and real people answering at some point.	bug report
Nowadays I have troubles with making calls I can hear them but people not even though my mic is on	bug report
At first was saying "no text channel" but now shows nothing.	bug report
Extremely ad heavy but so far superior to text now by a mile... Edit. Ok for a day. Then it turned into the same problems as text now. It takes hours if not days for messages to go through. Very dissatisfied with the app.	bug report
its not connecting rectify the problem	bug report
aweful experience with the new UI. Everything is so big that i cannot even push the submit button when writing something. Fewer features than the previous version too. Terrible.	feature request
The new discord layout is awful and I wish I'd never updated. They've forced all your private chats onto one tab which means I can't close any of them. I have all my chats muted and I was able to tell new messages came in when one popped up. Now I can't do this and I'm just not answering people because it's too overwhelming to have every message and every friend I've talked to recently on one tab. I'll be uninstalling discord and loading an old version in a way that is less legal but o well	feature request
Account switching when?	bug report
Worst app nowadays	irrelevant information
Calling feature is not great, connection is very poor. Texting is alot better but a few times I sent a text and it did not go through and I be wondering why I didn't receive a text back in a timely matter, so I have to remove it then install it again just to see that my message didn't go through.	bug report
I can't describe any experience because I have not used this app much. The only reason I gave only 4 stars is because it was not secure enough according to the report I read. I am hoping to be able to use only this app soon. This is what I wrote now I am disappointed because they for some reason have not been able to attract more people. I have invited many but they don't join.	irrelevant information
Tried scanning an invite qr code. Would not scan no matter what I did. Then I tried to join using a link. Asked me to sign in, then loaded for a second and went back to the sign in page. Never added me to the group. UPDATE/SOLUTION: problem is because of an update with Android 12 and link handling. GroupMe has not updated their website verifying their links with the app, so it will simply do nothing. You have to manually enable link opening in your device settings for the app. FIX THIS!	bug report
A bit harder than I thought to manuever. Plus way to many ads.	irrelevant information
Pretty good, it's easy to use, however if you're in a channel it tends to glitch badly. You're still in the channel, but you can't read or respond. Usually its fixed by uninstalling and reinstalling, but that gets old fast. Update: same problem still and I've uploaded two support requests	bug report
Slow loading on both wifi and mobile data	bug report
It shows something went wrong please try again later everytime i signup,. And when i finally signed up it showed no number available to show please try again later.... I made show many accounts and they all later showed your account had violated our terms so is banned, like seriously all they want is to create more n more accounts and that's it, this app has severely becoming useless, not worth at all.	bug report
Can you please give an update that prevent the app from lagging and crashing after continuous usage?	bug report
New update for mobile isn't that great. It lags when going between servers and private DMs. When you pull up your private DMs, there is a noticeable delay between when you click the chat area to type to when you start typing.	bug report
I love signal, but it's going downhill. It doesn't need to be a social media app. We don't need stories. We do need to be able to send SMS messages. I will likely not continue using Signal if I can't message half of my contacts with it.	feature request
I love this app, and its growing fast	irrelevant information
Whenever i send messages, the messages disappear but when i reopen discord i can see them being sent. It's so annoying to use this.	bug report
I hate this app because it won't work with your phone number	bug report
So I enter an area code from my area and it says please enter a valid area code. Obviously you don't know what a f****** legit area code is. Whats the point of this program if it doesn't even know your area code. Next time you make a nap try and make it right	bug report
Everyone is a crook	irrelevant information
Very handy. It works well the more you, use it, atleast a few times a day.....	irrelevant information
Its a good app but the sad thing is that you have to watched videos to get points	irrelevant information
A lot of advertising pops up right when you are about to type messages or call or it jumps to a video out of nowhere forcing accidentally clicking on the said advertising not a fun experience it isnt avoidable ...	bug report
Frustrating as can be at first but better this past 6 months. Should be able to receive sms messages with out paying &	feature request
When it works it's great, but I and my friends have to constantly reinstall it in order to make sure we are getting/sending all of our messages. Will probably be swapping off to another messaging app soon.	bug report
Under no circumstances should anyone use this app. It simply doesn't work.	bug report
Very often calls don't appear as someone is calling, there is no ringing. Also messages, when I unlock the phone then suddenly I get 5 messages at once. And when using Android Auto, an incoming call is ringing but visually no button to answer the call. Last enjoying thing, again, often when hitting back button to exit a group chat it exists the whole application instead of going to the list of all chats. Is there any chance you will get this fixed, ever? I'm running out of patience.	bug report
Texting is awesome! Love it! The calling isn't great. I can't hear other end but they can hear me LOL	feature request
No dropped calls. All else is gravey!	irrelevant information
Anytime I tried to attach am image in my groups using a gs6 edge, groupme would crash	bug report
It's so nice to have our own groups to stay informed and in touch	irrelevant information
Was awesome til Skype got them. Immediately stopped working.	bug report
Used to be good, now calls just drop in mid conversation. I used to get alerted on my watch with my calls and now nothing.	bug report
﻿the phone calling doesn't work	bug report
Their device had also stopped working. Rip text free I'm uninstalling you	bug report
It don't work when I try to get in!	bug report
What's the difference between this and the one label with voice? I see no difference. Both works the same. Lol. Confused.	irrelevant information
Decent for free wifi text & calling	irrelevant information
It's the best app to chat w friends! I cant even find any probs. Only one prob,the moderators suck,saying my friends's words. But I loved it	feature request
Discord mobile has been okay but with the recent update, where the ui was changed, it became slower to navigate. Changing conversations between servers and dms used to be quick but since they've "seperated" them, it takes a while (especially to load in). I can no longer ring people in private calls multiple times (unless i havent found that option again) and calls aren't automatically on speaker unlike before where I'm used to. Aesthetics are nice but it just became slower.	bug report
What's up with forcing the new terrible UI on us?	feature request
I like the interface and hope my data is not being tracked and reused	irrelevant information
I'm having trouble making and getting calls. Texts don't show up for 1 hour after they are sent. The app has just recently started do this. It had worked fine before.	bug report
Hacked by ex husband	irrelevant information
Easy. Reaching out to my daughter out of the country	irrelevant information
I've enjoyed Signal for years, but now that it's ending SMS support, it's going to be virtually useless for me. I believe in what Signal stands for but I'm not a fan of asking people to download other apps to contact me when SMS is the easiest way for a lot of people. Honestly, I used it mainly for the interface. I'd even be willing to pay a small monthly fee to keep SMS support. I'll give it a 2nd star for giving plenty of notice that SMS support will be ending.	feature request
you could talk to peole	irrelevant information
I use this app every day and i talk to all my friends on it with the latest update it wouldnt let me send messaged it keeps saying connecting and i tried to unistall and reinstall and now it wont let me log in it keeps saying ultra rare error and i cant let anyone know because it wont even let me in	bug report
It says u can send n receive picture msgs but ive tried sending n they dnt receive my pics and i dnt receive theirs! Plz fix!	bug report
Have send the screenshot still the same	bug report
Cuts vcalls out	bug report
Telegram does NOT require constant updates,..... this notion is ridicilous!!	irrelevant information
Always glitchy. Won't send email or phone password reset links. Can't merge accounts or change email account. All it says is contact your admin. Messages don't go through, the app is very limited and seems to struggle a ton with simple tasks. It seems like an app made in the 80s, the pictures won't go through in a easy and clean way, they're pixalated and messaging isweird. You cant leave a group without being an admin, and you have to unlock and do these manual details to allow people to join	bug report
This new update has slow down a bit please try to solve this problem asap. It's very painfull to work while using this app. Thank you and try to fix the bugs	bug report
This app has been great during my college years for groups that I've been in to always be in quick communication.	irrelevant information
Worst experience ever. Verification process does not work, despite confirming successfully. Support is slow, online help content is extremely limited, and ads are intrusive. Ad support is not unacceptable, but rendering the app unusable actually is. I will be uninstalling. EDITED : Your reply did not help. You misunderstood my point. It was YOUR mobile app (and the browser experience) that was requesting that I validate who I am via a dialer to a phone number that I was to provide to YOU. I did this using multiple numbers, but it never actually called three of the four I tried. It only worked with one of those four numbers and, despite saying that it was successful, the app STILL did not allow me to send or receive texts. As much as I really wanted to use and like this app, it was a poor experience with a poor client interface on both the mobile and desktop platforms.	bug report
Really convenient app for responding to friends without being near my pc. However, the latest update and ui changes have made things horribly inconvenient. change it back!	feature request
Why do I need a Microsoft account to sign in, so annoying.	bug report
Latest update is really awful. Messeges regularly delivered with one hour	bug report
Hi I am new It is so good	irrelevant information
I do use Skype quite often but it is not like it used to be. chat logs aren't as easily retrievable and oftentimes the status of friends is not accurate, saying they are not online when they are, or showing away for hours when its been only minutes. sometimes messages are delayed in delivery. still, overall I prefer it to other messaging services.	bug report
Very good application for smooth chats	irrelevant information
Just updated so I could add someone, and it completely destroyed my ability to use the app! I cannot view or send videos at all, not to mention the new UI is laggy, less ergonomical, and ugly. I have tried undownloading and redownloading, which has not fixed the problem.	bug report
I love this app it can create more server and chat with other friends! So i like it so much	feature request
I can't send photos 😐😐😐	bug report
Somehow there's an issue with notifications and android auto. I read the message on my phone but android auto shows the notification each time it starts up. Annoying	bug report
You can't erase yourself from a particular group! Some racist group is on mine!	bug report
It's ok...expanding options with numbers and frequency would be better	feature request
I was using it and it's working perfectly lately it just log me out and have been trying to login but i couldn't	bug report
I thought this was a great app until Signal mentioned they would discontinue SMS. One app for messaging was great! Now I need to go back to using multiple apps. Not sure if I will continue using Signal.	feature request
Very nice i love using discord	irrelevant information
As of lately I haven't been getting my notifications from any channels in a server I am in, it's causing my to get frustrated since I am always responding fast in the channels most of the time, I don't have problems not seeing channels or anything, just getting any notifications even if I have it on	bug report
lots of bugss	bug report
This version is very bed old version nice very slow to operate	bug report
I haven't been able to add a friend and I've checked details, that the username is correct, etc, and I still get a fail message. Besides that, I'm not an avid user but it has never failed like this before	bug report
Communication with my family is important. The security allows us to discuss family things without worrying about strangers reading it.	irrelevant information
We know you guys love updating this app and everything. BUT MOST OF THE UPDATES ARE FOR NITRO USERS, ATLEAST DO SOMETHING THAT DOESNT INVOLVE NITRO	feature request
I have been having trouble getting another phone number. It says theres no phone numbers available sometimes.	bug report
Skype is good but I cannot save the Skype recording to the phone, it will be in chat for 30days but can't share or can't save	bug report
I don't get notifications. The app is very slow and takes forever to load messages.	bug report
Good quality as well as app.	irrelevant information
it works thank you	irrelevant information
Have only started using this app so still trying to get used to it after years of using WhatsApp and BBM Messenger. This feels like a bridge in between the two, not that comfortable yet, appears to be a little limited.	irrelevant information
I don't have much experience with groupme but 30 mins after I made my account I got a email telling me that I deleted my account and I didn't do anything. This is concerning if this apps security is compromised.	bug report
I love this apps, BUT FIX FOR MOBILE USER, THE SPLIT SCREEN FOR DISCORD IS SUCKS	feature request
Bought a phone # through Skype, so people could call me, and found when people tried calling that number it didn't go to me and was some stranger's phone # When I canceled the phone #, Skype blocked me from being able to make phone calls even though I'm still being charged monthly subscription fee	bug report
Notifications dont always come through and once messages are read it doesnt always change the status. most messages dont go through if they are added to a photo.	bug report
It discord 12.7.23 Changing it because new discord ui is garbage	bug report
this new ui is annoying and laggy. the server member list sucks, just put it back the way it was	feature request
It keeps saying my number isn't associated with this account. I have now gone through 4 numbers. Uninstalling...	bug report
Got an update where the entire UI is reworked. There is no reason for this, and the old version looked and functioned just fine. The new version has four buttons at the bottom, each of which causes extra work to get to where you want, only showing your four most recent servers, and adding an additional step to get to the others. The result is a confusing labyrinth for any user to get to where they want. But wait, there's more. The channels within each server are reworked terribly as well.	feature request
It's a great help. Thankyou	irrelevant information
I face one problem with Skype that I got any of message when I Open Skype and it take 10 second to update Conversation but I want that message should come on the top when I on my data connection	bug report
never loads fast and it duffle can use some updates	bug report
It sucks!!!!	irrelevant information
It used to be great. Besides the ridiculous ads downloading things to my phone without permission. Now I can't even place calls. I call it rings once two calling symbols appear at the top of my phone then it drops the call. It doesn't matter how good my internet or wifi. I've reinstalled it, and reset eveverything. Just about everything I can do. It doesn't fix it.	bug report
I can't find out why my works group chat is only going to my phone number and I can not edit my number email etc. On the app	bug report
Too many unnecessary functions and addicions. Harmful communities. Basic features work great.	irrelevant information
I can't get notifications about new messages on a Samsung8 after enabling notifications and restarting. Please provide guidance.	bug report
Downvoting purely for stories	irrelevant information
A little bit on the un-user friendly side, difficult to mute specific chats and doesn't always notify me when I get messages	bug report
This new most recent update is terrible. The right side panel was removed that used to show all the members & roles in any given discord channel.	feature request
Great App. Works as Described.	irrelevant information
Cannot connect to voice chats in servers or groups, it remains unable to finish authenticating and refusing to work correctly.	bug report
enjoyable and further connecting me with my loved ones. But I literally	irrelevant information
I am using several messaging apps(WhatsApp, Viber, telegram) this one is the best. I have been using both desktop and Android versions, they sync perfectly and both are secure . Best on my research, Signal is the best related to privacy	irrelevant information
This cost me 2.99 every month when it said it was free. I tried to cancel it to no avail and still it keeps charging my credit card $2.99. I don't use it anymore I want the charges put back on my credit card and STOP charging me. It SUCKS. Cancel this subscription NOW I need to cancel my subscription NOW PLEASE I no longer use this app so why should I have to pay for a subscription if I no longer use this app? Plus when calling someone the calling system was unclear couldn't understand	bug report
Notifications keep randomly stopping.	bug report
Good. Simple to use. Wish you can reply to a specific message and admin could delete message from all.	feature request
Lack of sms support makes this much less useful	feature request
Drop calls, cutting out, echoes, sometime it won't let me make calls.	bug report
My vc play pojav launch vc crash	bug report
Sometimes Discord Glitches, but other than that, i am enjoying making friends in here.	irrelevant information
Nice app. I'd give it a slight advantage over basic text messaging. Pro: Anyone with wifi can join in. Con: Getting ppl to opt in.	irrelevant information
This app is great but for some reason when I go to reorder the roles, when I push save it puts them back where they where originally and it's super annoying because I can't set up roles without rearranging my roles and putting the bots role at the top :/	bug report
Once download and has been written invalid or disabled . Plz unable my account asap	bug report
I would have given it a higher reading, except today I was told I had to enter my date of birth. However there is no way too simple enter the year and the start at 1990 - 30 years after I was born. I had to bake up through every month of every year. You should allow users to manually enter their birthday.	bug report
Can't see pictures posted	bug report
Great way to keep up, trade pics and videos w/o overwhelming your msg app. Plus you have avatars	irrelevant information
Sluggish and unstable. Bad UI.	bug report
good app to communicate with family and friends.	irrelevant information
The noise when someone is transmitting is much louder than the call volume, please find a way to turn the volume up	feature request
This one is just like the others waste of time foneys everywhere	irrelevant information
It's just bad... and the adds every second. Don't bother!! find something better	irrelevant information
Not bad for a Wi-Fi app	irrelevant information
I like Discord, but I have a problem. When I was talking to my friend he told me he was gonna go somewhere. After 15 Minutes He didn't come back. I texted him but then it told me that I can't talk to him because We're not friends. I was so sad, so I tested on my sister's account. We became friends and we spoke a lot. Then the same thing happened. I was next to her while chatting so I saw that she didn't block or unfriended me. It just appeared. It happens sometimes. Fix it, I miss my friend.	bug report
Y do i halfto watch a video for more minutes to call	bug report
Edit 2: I am seeing that discord is slowly making everyone have their OBJECTIVELY WORSE APP UI and worse optimisation. PLEASE STOP DOING THAT. Edit: After reporting to discord, the help desk was fast with my issue it seems as the next day, the update fixed the issue.	feature request
Calls are constantly not being connected.	bug report
The new phone UI is very bad. Why fix something that was already perfect to begin with? Now the phone experience is completely ruined!	feature request
The app never notifies me that I have new messages and yes, I have tried messing with the notification settings on my phone and the app and nothing worked. Its also impossible to connect to a group chat through the app when I have been added by phone number and I get all the messages through text. Please fix this.	bug report
I changed my phone and with the new phone when I log into GroupMe I don't see any of my old groups or chats. I see the old chats and can access the account from my computer but it will not sync on my phone. I have tried everything possible. If the developers can fix this I will be very happy.	bug report
It's ok to call out BUT INCOMING CALLS are not to be answered. I've tryed everything to answer a call. It does not answer any calls.	bug report
Microsoft thinks they are God. If for any reason (not a complaint just suspicious activity )they find you guilty of violating their code of conduct on skype they not only delete you from Skype but also all Microsoft products on your computer including hotmail. Windows still worked luckily. It's also almost impossible to appeal their decision without live customer service and everything else says sign in and puts you in a cycle of nonsense because once you are banned how can u sign in ?	bug report
Utterly, woefully, contemptably out of date on tablets. On a tablet, it	bug report
Its discord guys if yall are looking at this app you probably already know what it is. Some thoughts however There should be a more seamless way to change accounts than logging out and back in. Plz for the love of god stop asking me to verify my ip every time I log into my alt after not logging in overnight. It's the same ip as last time.	feature request
I dont get my text message from my bank as a code	bug report
Skype is better for me than other video calling apps have been. The data usage is quite high but being able to purchase a local number for my business is helpful in allowing me to receive calls on a local number - essential in my work	irrelevant information
When you make calls it brakes up and texting is slow fix that and you could get 5 stars	bug report
The chats don't work so the time. Require I reinstall the app. Also I don't get alerts all the time.	bug report
Lastest redesign brought biggest bug fest i ever seen in discord since 2018 mess. All those issues i have on both my phone's and accounts s21ultra and s22 ultra. 1. I need to constantly force stop app to it unfreeze server feed or see what's in different chat. 2. It often stuck when i wanna add photo and only see 3 most recent pics. And can't see more until i go and clear whole app cache 3. I'm often stuck when swapping from dms to servers for 10ish s 4. We still have @everyone spam server bots	bug report
The other person doesn't recibe the text messages	bug report
Useful for teaching and learning	feature request
Glitch at all time	bug report
Too many ads that interrupt you in the middle of a text.	bug report
Can you send me a free phone :)	irrelevant information
Me personally the app is wonderful I just had to say that could really do without the adds I know I know adds must be there to make the app free so you know just saying uhh yeah good job	irrelevant information
Images aren't loading it just gives me the poop Image whenever an image is trying to load even old photos are doing it plus I'm getting pinged for old pings I've tried your help thing online but it's just a hassle to write out the forms	bug report
Doing well with this app so far . But having trouble receiving and sending. Receiving its not connecting .I have a Excellent connection. To wifi so maybe one of the boys can come by an take a look . So many did not sends . Would be 5 star that was fixed . So hopefully I'm updating this post	bug report
hilariously unoptimized. chuggs for days	bug report
How do I receive verification codes on here?	feature request
Good not sure because I'm new here but sofar it seems good	irrelevant information
The old UI was genuinely better in my opinion	feature request
Thanx for your good developet team in github	irrelevant information
Of all the apps I have on my Android phone, this is the slowest. By far. It does the job but the performance is totally unacceptable.	bug report
I used to be able to get people to just replace their old sms app to signal. They've ditched it when sms stopped being supported. A simple option to allow or not a fallabck to unsecure sms would have solved the problem in my opinion.	feature request
TEXTNOW IS STILL TRYING TO BILL ME. I CANNOT CANCEL BECAUSE TEXTNOW DOES NOT RECOGNIZE MY EMAIL. I CANNOT LOG IN. I CANNOT CONTACT ANYONE. I got a paid subscription. One day, I couldn't send/make or receive texts or calls. It was left to me to figure out why one day it worked and the next day it didn't. I wasn't up for it and canceled my subscription. Just tried to log back in to try a free number. Won't recognize my email address.	bug report
It's a really good app! But there's a glitch that I can't fix. I can't change my profile picture, display name, or description anymore unless I do it through my laptop which is extremely annoying. Please fix this	bug report
reinstalling the app and now I can't see any of the groups I'm in.	bug report
Can I copy print from here on letters	irrelevant information
It seems you can enable the new layout, but you cannot disable it once you've done so. Please allow us to toggle it back off!	feature request
New update is causing issues. When attempting to go to a DM, it doesn't always take me to the newest messages, it puts me in some random place. Currently unable to send attachments as well.	bug report
lags too much when internet is slow , consumers most of the battery	bug report
TALKU is the best. I could have the WORST signal and still get perfect calls via WiFi.  Pingers only perk is i use it for the free texting. Oh and, WAYYYY TOO MANY ADS on Pinger, all in all, I'll give it a 3/5	irrelevant information
Poor support for .apk installation. Wont load my contacts...even others who use Signal. AI support sent me exactly the same response 3 times telling me the version I am using is outdated when it was released 4 days ago.	bug report
I give it a 4 bc it takes so long to get into it	irrelevant information
This app is amazing the features it has is what I love but I've had a old discord account that I got logged out of you see the account wasn't verified and it had all of my friends on there I forgot the password to it so I can't get it back. Help me	feature request
Skype calls now will not last longer than about 3 seconds, they just lose voice functionality and then calls while the phone is locked do not come through at all just auto hangup, this app used to be simple yet functional. Why fix it if it isnt broken?  Phone is samsung galaxy s7 edge or whatever ye call it.	bug report
When I get on discord on my phone it keeps crashing on me says I'll be fixed but it's not I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still nothing	bug report
Both sender and receiver must use Signal to work. I'm Uninstalling this app :-(	irrelevant information
It's very helpful when communicating with large groups; better than texting.	irrelevant information
Not very user friendly with the ui	feature request
Its convient and reliable and works great	irrelevant information
Takes a long time to load messages all text and calls don't come thru	bug report
They degrading discord with every update 😢😢	feature request
this is the worst wifi app. your calls drop then the stupid app will freeze and you can't call again! its piss poor and a total waste. I got it because they had the most minutes at first. no wonder you can't call anyone to use them.. OH AND I HAVE GREAT WIFI! So it NOT my Wifi.	bug report
It would be nice if this app followed my system-wide theme, instead of me having to go to the settings menu to toggle between light and dark mode.	feature request
Love it, the limited amount of money for the amount of channels is so worth it.	irrelevant information
always required useless update	irrelevant information
good way to keep in touch and not everyone that is not part of your group see it.	irrelevant information
The new UI is anti-accessibility, broken and unusable, and is insulting to all who use the mobile Discord app. QoL functions have been removed or made far harder to access and bugs make the app borderline unusable. Unless Discord reverts the UI changes, they will no longer receive another cent from me. I encourage others to not spend a dime on this service, and to revert their app to an older version for their own convenience (or to simply not update if they have not received the changes).	bug report
A SERVICE WORTH HAVING	irrelevant information
Because u only get 60 mins to talk to your friends and family the hole time u have this app	bug report
Excellent safe communication with good features like files and photos!	irrelevant information
Ui is a little inconsistent. Scrolls smoothly as long as im not in vc, if i try to scroll through the number of members in a call it tries to make me scroll sideways	bug report
Your deleted or kicked out if you don't comment	irrelevant information
It sucks my calls kept dropping. They woukdnt be able to hear me but I could hear them it just sucked all the way disnt like it and after im done using it for the purpose im using it for I will not use it again	bug report
Why don't you guys fix anything!!! I lose my call every single damn time I'm on the phone with someone. I can't stand it, I need to switch to a different texting and calling app, cuz I use textnow all day everyday!!!! ×××××And I always keep all of my apps up to date, so that's not the problem¡¡¿¿¿¿	bug report
Good app except suddenly the private conversations tab is stuck. I didn't use it and it popped up on it's own and it's unable to be deleted so never what I do	bug report
Would be great if you could transfer between ios and android	feature request
It can come in handy	irrelevant information
Do not drop SMS. This is some weird plot to increase Signal users because you think we'll actually invite our buddies but I'd just as soon drop you if you give me an ultimatum. I'm holding out to see if you drop this, but if you don't I drop you day of.	irrelevant information
Can't even make an account because it keeps telling me to put in some code even after I put it in and I need to use this app to contact my teammates	bug report
Very difficult to use since it doesn't give my contacts, notification doesn't turn off while using, new phone, still the same, still not fixed. Too dangerous from a security standpoint to continue using or even have installed.	bug report
Horrible user interface update, uninstalled after the new UI update put the bottom button bar in the same space as my phone's Back, Home, Apps controls. Such a shame this app continues to add more bloat and make bad executive decisions	feature request
App used to be very solid and easy to use, but the past month and a half has been plagued by issues. My chats don't load half the time even though I see the last sent message in the menu, I can't send messages, and notifications never arrive. It's a real shame and I'll be forced to change messaging apps soon if these issues aren't resolved. Uninstalling and reinstalling the app helps temporarily, but the errors return within a day or two.	bug report
Good But it should more better. I'm having the most important issue which is, I'm unable to receive messages in time. Once I've received a message after 8hours. What to do ??	bug report
Working great now!	irrelevant information
No specials or promos u guys suck maybe some type of something man	irrelevant information
I thought the whole point of the app was so that I didn't have group messaging thru my sms texting. I don't need the app if its still going to go thru my sms and blow my phone up every time! Very annoying.  I searched for a way to only go thru the app but found nothing.	feature request
I cant get a #.. Its not working	bug report
Can't delete conversations that are old or are spam. You can only hide them.	feature request
Barely use the app as talk in game but the app is great for people who doesn't have a mic and gives opportunity to meet new friends	irrelevant information
Normally I've rated this app very highly. I've been using it for the last 2 years to communicate with family and in that time I never had a problem. Lately, however, I've run into a constitutional problem. For some reason I've been forced to uninstall and reinstall this app multiple times after my messages failed to send. It keep trying to connect it says, however, I'm still receiving messages. Only after reinstalling do my messages go through. I don't know what the problem is.	bug report
Editing my review because I ABSOLUTELY DESPISE the new discord layout on mobile. My chats lag. A classic case of if it isn't broke don't fix it. Discord developers please put it back the way it was!!!	feature request
I've had this app for a while now and i really enjoy it. Less 1 star only cus too many adds and is a bit slow.🐢🙃	irrelevant information
Very poor insults	irrelevant information
Good service, but the ap not so good. It is the most unintuitive piece of software I ever used. As far as I can see you cannot even dial a number. You have to set up a contact first. Pretty stupid for a telephone app.	bug report
Nothing extraordinary	irrelevant information
useful, if your coach chooses this app, don't expect much.	irrelevant information
I wanted the rate me notification to go away	feature request
Great app, love it to death but it kills my battery. It's constantly polling for messages. I'll stick with the website for now.	bug report
the message I send never goes. It just stuck in "sending". Wheb I get new messages, I cab see the lreview but wheb I click into the chat, it loads forever. how does this app even have 4+ reviews	bug report
Signal spread in popularity precisely because you could use it as the default messenger due to the SMS integration. Now that SMS is gone, Signal doesn't offer any value over its competitors in the encrypted messaging space. Sad to uninstall Signal after 5 years of use.	feature request
Sound poor	irrelevant information
I personally haven't got the update yet and I pray to god that I don't, but my friend has and it looks awful. they re always complaining about it, and when she showed it to me, i wanted to cry	feature request
Amazing and useful app but starting today it doesn't show any notifications on mobile	bug report
Constant updates and the voice chat feature need... "Fine tuning"	feature request
I feel good about apps respecting my privacy and not exploiting it.	irrelevant information
Really fun, great to find new communities	irrelevant information
Like the app very helpful when you cant afford your phone bill	irrelevant information
why my skype automatically accept calls when i already turned off the option for automatic answer call? its really creepy at this point. please fix. thanks	bug report
It crashes everytime I look at a server's events tab	bug report
Ever since the new UI Discord has made it painfully clear that they don't care about their users They took something that worked fine and broke it I've already have had many of my friends unistall/delete their discord accounts because of how frustrating it is to use the new Mobile version of the app It feels like they're falling to the standard corporate media layout and just doesn't feel like discord They took "If it ain't broke, don't fix it" and just through it right out the window	feature request
ever since the newest update was rolled out, I've had constant glitches. the call quality has dropped drastically, with the screenshare practically unusable on mobile. I hate that I can't swipe in and out of DMs and I hate the look of the new app. it's so clunky now. bring back the old discord app :/	bug report
Please don't drop SMS support. I'll never be able to convince everyone to use Signal, and this will just lead to me messaging those who do use Signal less. PLEASE don't drop SMS support.	feature request
unable to open in chromebook	bug report
App freezes on the accessing location. Where it asks you to allow the app to access your location	bug report
Still get ads when I paid for ad free. I order a sim card and it was glued on a paper and I can't get the glue off to insert it. You still have to use Wi-Fi to make calls. Save your money. If I could leave zero stars, I would have.	bug report
How do u deletet a message you posted i dont people knowing my real info	bug report
Fun and easy app we use for sports team it keeps you linked with parents and what is going on with team	irrelevant information
Ads are useless	irrelevant information
Works well for group events and chatting.	irrelevant information
Smooth as clear	irrelevant information
Keeps me and my group connected on our trip plans	irrelevant information
Didn't even work I couldn't even use the app when I went to my text messages and tried to change them it didn't change Warning do not install this app	bug report
I just got mad at character ai account because it's down! I can't chat with my husband (heizou)	bug report
The app is very easy to use, the signal strength is also good in my area.	irrelevant information
Was great at first. Now I can't go in unless someone makes a comment. I.T. support isn't any good either.	bug report
I love discord, fun to use and a great way to contact friends and meet people, but recently the subscriptions have been all wonky. They say they would be gone but are still there like 2 days later. For example, my subscription was supposed to be gone on the 7th for overdue payment, it's the 9th. It'sa problem because I want to get a different subscription, but it won't let me. Fix this!	bug report
Used to love this app, but now I'm quite disappointed, it's not consistent, hardly ever get notified of incoming calls or text, miss calls or text sometimes show up days later if at all.	bug report
I GOT LOCKED OUT BECAUSE of the password not being found In clipboard now I'll never get in and ill have to reset EVERYTHING	bug report
Have it for couple of days, no good. Very hard to keep a conversation without interruption. Get cut off often, even when home connected to my wifi. I'm deleting it and try another one.	bug report
This is more of a complain than a feedback, I have an android device and I can't put emojis into category titles. Please fix this.	feature request
Too many dropped calls & not all calls or texts come thru on time. This is a big problem when I'm waiting on a ride share and I miss them because I never knew they were coming or already here. Otherwise it's saved me.	bug report
Wont it let me send pictures I tried over 30 times and my friends say that they didnt get pics but they can get my texts please fix so I can txt pics until then ill rate low	bug report
GroupMe in my phone will not sync with my othee decices for chats or contacts. Howevee it sends messages fine so thays a plus	bug report
What happend to the darker theme why is it gone :(	feature request
Okay. As long as there is good wifi. Be careful around ads.	irrelevant information
Good app.had problems but they are working quickly to help solve the problems..thank you pinger....	irrelevant information
WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Issues for devs you look at: No video or photo compressing unless you pay for nitro.. that's just cheap. Randomly scrolls long conversations when you switch out of the app, so you lose where you were if you're catching up. Poor chat and channel organisation and notification management so it's more or less impossible to get a proper feed. Can't handle one account using both mobile and desktop simultaneously.	bug report
Updated January 2024: I had hoped Discord would revert the UI change, but it's been a month and they seem more intent on replying with stock messages to reviews. I've reverted to an older version and will not update. And as for giving feedback on the website, I'll do so just as soon as a moderation team is put in place to collate identical posts and remove spam. That's not a new issue either.	feature request
Great app for collaboration	irrelevant information
UI update made me dislike it a lot, no option to switch back or anything.	feature request
Enjoy the sharing	irrelevant information
I've used it since 2014, still goin strong.	irrelevant information
Takes too long to make a call	bug report
It's good very good, do not mend it	irrelevant information
Always can count on text free to send and receive important text!	irrelevant information
Add function in custom background chat room or in render space	feature request
This app gets worse with each update. The latest one is an accessibility nightmare. I wish discord had an ounce of care for its userbase, but I suppose that would be asking too much.	bug report
Hello, this is an amazing app! But there is one issue, it's the download issue. I can't download images and videos! I've tried everything to solve the issue but it's not working. I have zero clue to solve this issue, Pls fix it!	bug report
annoying, most calls do not come through, phone does not ring... have to open app and refresh the app rarely sends the notification. usee to be great, now not so much..	bug report
WHY CANT I USE ANOTHER EMAIL OF MINE I ALWAYS FORGOT MY PASSWORD AND I ALWAYS RELY ON MY SAME EMAIL TO CREAT ANOTHER ACCOUNT WHY DISCORD WHY	bug report
Really good and functional	irrelevant information
Cannot download videos from the gallery on Android.  Videos take a while to load from their cloud.  Cannot download videos if logged onto groupme website from a PC either.  Really? It's 2017, get this straightened out.  If it wasn't for my family using this app I'd never use it.	bug report
Im very unsatufues phone calls seoppinf constantlybi want my money back and i want to closw this account	bug report
I was hoping this would be fixed by now but I've had this app for ages and people STILL say they can hear their voices speaking back, is there anyways to fix this???	bug report
as soon as i signed up, then it just closed like there might be a bug in this app!!	bug report
The best. Great video and sound quality with a cross platform reach. A must have app for everyone!!! 😀	irrelevant information
Mobile UI is now awful. Absolutely awful. I've tried to adjust for weeks and I cannot express how inconvenient and horrible the simplest and little of things are. I'd give 5 stars if it went back to how everything was before this update. I can't even in good conscious give this 2 stars for it still being perfect on desktop because this sets a bad precident. Don't fix what isn't broken. Go back and start adding user tools for ui customization that doesn't break app if you want this change so bad.	feature request
I get no notifications unless I open the app	bug report
Still suspect the app is a battery drain.	bug report
Video calls sometimes don't go through...	bug report
Not a big fan it dont have very many things to offer aside from normal texting	irrelevant information
the ads.	irrelevant information
So great app to be able to text and call people for free, but way to many ads at once. Also, you stopping me texting just so you can play an ad is super f***ing annoying. No reason for it. Just calm down with the ads and I'd rate this much higher	feature request
No free text or call, must upgrade to receive texts and calls, scam. Stay away as far as you can	bug report
Can't hear the other person when calling	bug report
I'd like to see a marker letting me know which message I read last.	feature request
Toggle cameras during videocall doesn't work	bug report
Messages are delivered quickly and format simple to work.	irrelevant information
One thing so irritating in this app any one Remove you to call	bug report
it (no longer as of the new update) works incredibly slow and unintuitive design, the old way was perfectly fine and changed everything for no reason	bug report
As advertised	irrelevant information
Removal of SMS support means goodbye to new android adoption. No longer a useful all in one client, and usage is better elsewhere.	feature request
Please repair account create problem	bug report
I need to admit that the last year or so, some long-term issues were finally fixed, but then the app was ruined completely by changing the design. It looks disgusting and it's difficult to use.	feature request
no international msg... Removed :(	feature request
Unfortunately with this new update the app keeps hanging up when i am in a call some times it dosent let me use the number keys to make an option on a call operater. I dont recive calls but i do get the voice mails . Sometimes it doesn't make the call at all. This app use to be great i had no problems other then having to be next to my wifi connection so people can hear me over the phone. But i didnt mind as long as i can get through to them.Now i have to make a quick call. Or it will hang up. Hope they can fix this problem soon	bug report
new update desperately needs optimization. Search bar is borked, past chats are glued when switching to other channels, you should really iron the new ui out, it's too finicky for me	bug report
Haven't used it for very long, so far satisfied	irrelevant information
Skype, please fix your app, the previous messages return to my message section, but when I open it, there is nothing also laggy and lots of bugs I've been noticed this almost a month from now.	bug report
The app is amazing, my only issue would have to be that you cannot get any verification codes.	feature request
New skype is much better than old skype	irrelevant information
very good app. for people that don't have are can't get a phone.	irrelevant information
Use this app lots but need to add functionality of deleting messages or images. There is no way to get rid of messages sent on accident.	feature request
I am not getting notifications even though the permissions are all allowed.	bug report
Great app to talk to other online but the bugs! When you try to reply, the small bar mentioning the person, ping on/off is gone! App working weird any time an update appears! And so much more.	bug report
Hideous UI. I'm getting lots of spam chats. I sure wish Microsoft would take some of the AI and apply it to filtering obvious spam. There should be an option to disallow messages that are not from contacts in my contact list.	feature request
I just downloaded this and cannot open it, wasn't even able to find the app circle on the phone, it's the same way with text now	bug report
Wery bad app no deleted	bug report
Worked perfectly until very recently. Using a Google pixel 2, frequently have to leave/rejoin groups else they do not refresh. Have tried in/re-installing. Still a great app tho, 4/5	bug report
Good app, met a lot of great people.	irrelevant information
C, W. ,esome. Safetyz a	irrelevant information
This app worked great at first, however by the 2nd day of using my texts stopped going through. I reached out last week for help, as it also will not let me verify my phone number, and have yet to get any help or response. Very disappointed in this app.	bug report
Normally works but spotty	bug report
Use to be a good app till the more recent updates. It can take several minutes to actually connect if you don't have internet/phone data that's fast enough. Sometimes it won't let me connect at all. Photos and videos also take an extremely long time to load.	bug report
When I logged out and logged back in  lost all my messages, I had some important information on some of them and I lost them all!!	bug report
Easy to understand and use how the programmers have set this app. Good programmers are hard to find behind all apps.Brilliant.	irrelevant information
the new update on phones is terrible the old one was so much easier to navigate and end calls now I have to tap 20 times for the end call to apper	bug report
I'm using the app for weeks And then suddenly I can't even type I can't use anything it just won't let me use anything it's glitched it's like stuck I've tried everything Besides deleting it Not good my opinion I will say better things if I can type Something cause I'm trying to but I can't and it doesn't even show anything anymore It kind of makes me want to commit suicide to be honest 😭	bug report
Love skype... I have classes on it and it is amazing...... Just one thing that I wish you would fix is that please don't let it restart on its on. There should be a notification asking that. Other than that, amazing!!	bug report
A lot of massages come late	bug report
The app is good when it works however the groupme to text does not work at all and when I emailed tech support about it they didn't seem to know anything about the sms notifications option. Why is it there on the FAQs if it doesn't work?	bug report
App was good but with this new update I can't even send images anymore. It glitches and throws up a failed to send message error every time. I tried on WiFi and roaming, I work in IT and I did troubleshooting so I know it's not clientside. Please patch this.	bug report
Would be nice to be able to easily record a voice clip/note	feature request
Does not seem to give free calling anymore always says not enough credits it used to work fine but not anymore. Let me clarify it is local calling still says not enough credits to make call.	bug report
I can't signing into Skype i don't know why	bug report
it is really good for communication for school related groups	irrelevant information
Update: It's still great for people who use signal, but it no longer supports sms. I hope this is temporary. Until then, I have to use different texting services. Original: Great app that protects your privacy! Messages come through faster than the standard texting on your phone! I love that I can use this as my my main texting, even with people who don't have this app.	feature request
This has been working but the last few day sit downloaded so i rey am liking this so far	irrelevant information
I've been using this app since 2017. The latest update was horrible in terms of usability and accessibility, and I can't stand it. The only free color options hurt my eyes with contrast, and I'm not paying a monthly subscription of $10 in order to text people. Many features were also hidden behind weird menus and unintuitive layouts, when they were previously easy to access. I set this app to never auto-update and these changes pushed through regardless. I hate it. No one asked for this.	bug report
Does not ring (make sound) at all, can't figure out how to turn up the ringer. Worked once. Unreliable, and is deceptive as a reliable app, and does waste your time!!	bug report
Amazing except the fact that it kept saying my password was incorrect	bug report
There are instances when someone is calling, it does not ring on my end and it's automatically routed as missed call. I hope this will be fixed.	bug report
Why bother using it in 2022 when you have Discord, TeamSpeak, WhatsApp, Messenger, iMessage (w/ FaceTime), etc. Current builds make Skype literally worse than the good old days.	irrelevant information
This app needs some major fixing, since the last update it doesnt work properly. Fix It.	bug report
My text bo not come back	bug report
it works for group messaging, but private messages take 5 months to send, please fix	bug report
I've been using this app for years as my primary number and sometimeses as a backup line. If you haven't tried it, then you should . We a	irrelevant information
Eh some bugs	bug report
Green notification appear as default while watching a stream. Pls remove that unwanted notification.	feature request
Greatest messaging app, but now they're removing SMS support. Great way to alienate ones user base	feature request
Would be rated as a "5"...I can not delete old messages. I have a ton of old messages that I have tried to delete. How do I delete old 2020 messages?	feature request
So much better than WhatsApp!!	irrelevant information
Exceptional and fantastic app...thank you for your service😁	irrelevant information
Normally a great app (works fantastically on PC) but on the mobile version, since the update, I'm having issues with chat not updating or the channels not even showing! Fix this and review goes back to 5 star.	bug report
No good for authentication, it will block texts coming in from other apps if trying to get burner accounts	bug report
Very bad, can't install on another device or phone	bug report
Have to pay just to get verification codes. Make the app better always wanting money out of someone	bug report
Some messages take days to come through...	bug report
I used signal for sms and signal messages and not happy sms support is going away.	irrelevant information
The app does not update correctly after the latest UI changes. It displays messages from different servers in the wrong channels. The quality of the app has decreased significantly over the years, which is unfortunate as it has a lot of potential.	bug report
I love the app n dont want to change but when get call it doesnt ring. Only tells me afterwards i had missed call. Have checked n everything is set up right. Plz help me	bug report
I like to have skype because i don't have problem about my recent skype it is very easy to contact and invite people skype is very easy to use so i don't have problem about my recent skype i want to my recent skype back to me	irrelevant information
I got kicked off Skype because a female reported me that I wanted nude pics and asked her for money I had blocked her she was upset and lied I told Skype to read the messages they said they didn't care I was not allowed to have an account one Microsoft if there was a score lower than 1 I would give it to them	bug report
I like it beacuse i can talk anyone i want to.But it would be better if we could look face time people but we cant so trah i wish that we could tho	feature request
Right now its a 2/5 for me chief, discord mobile is broken. Clearing the cache and reinstalling do nothing It wont connect to calls at all and will just continuously say connecting, every update to discord mobile has made it worse, the other changes and things don't matter if the main thing doesn't work	bug report
Removed SMS support. Brought in stories and other bloaty stuff.	feature request
I think it's great, but I'm still not really sure how it works, it's a bit hard to understand	irrelevant information
Upsetting the people who use your service is a really smart move. Gotta give props to the absolute geniuses over at Discord.	irrelevant information
I have been using Skype ever since it got released and i used to love it until a while after Microsoft bought it. It has simply gone downhill since then with basically every update. The main reason im writing this review is because of status-issues though. It simply cant seem to keep the status i set on my desktop or phone, it changes to online after some time (its random sometimes) The really weird thing is that a few days ago, i chabged to "away" on my desktop, opened it on the phone and it should keep the same status, but it changed to online automatically. So, i change to away on the phone as well but in the morning when i get up its online on my desktop even if still away on the phone. So, i change to away on the desktop again, goes back into phone (still away) goes back to my homescreen and booom it goes online on my desktop! I mean seriously? this status-issue has been going on for years now and it cant be that freaking hard to fix it. If i want to have my status as away i should be able to until i manually change it and not become online at random. Not so fun to randomly become online at say 4 in the morning and people think that you are online and sends messages/calls. I have had lots of patience through the years but ill be switching to Telegram unless this thing is fixed. Its a bit sad since for me the call and audio/videoquality in skype is great.	bug report
The updates suck	feature request
The quality of video call is very good	irrelevant information
Too limited on length of posts	feature request
Its ok to use but i had to log in 3 times in a week! And my number got changed so screw this app, and also too slow and too much ads	bug report
It's not letting me install the game	bug report
The App is really glitchy with new features. Now if I remove someone and even delete the message thread.... They still show up at the top and I can't remove them. Like this weird status box of anyone that ever messaged you even when not added, removed, or deleted messages. The only way I can think to hide this is block them.... It shouldn't come down to that. Breaking the App... About to uninstall & use PC only.. If at all.	bug report
Purchased credits and it did not come through .. I needed to make an important call and tech team is unreachable.. what kind of service is that?!?	bug report
The best app to talk to your friends in the States. There are a few unoptimized things for some android users (people who don't use Google or Samsung devices) but awesome otherwise. There is a learning curve for beginners, trust me it is worth it to learn.	irrelevant information
Good but poor video call	bug report
Need conformation before video or normal call but feature is not there...	feature request
can't open	bug report
The worst app in any segment for Android OS I have ever seen. Too slow and gets worse with every update. If you can't Maintain the quality just take it down from playstore.	bug report
keeps crashing no matter what	bug report
Its kind of ridiculous. Everytime i send a message it always sends twice for some reason. And i dont get my messages when they're being sent. I get a message like 2 hours later asking if i was still there because i havent recieved my messages.	bug report
No notification on my android and iphone	bug report
It is impossible to update password from the app. The app send me a confirmation email, I'm going to mail app, to check a code, come back to Skype and whole process begins from a first step.	bug report
Great social app, but with social app you would expect some good community support? Especially when your platform relies HEAVILY on the users. WRONG. It's been over a month and a half and i'm still waiting for results from my raid report! "we're busy" that's not really a good explenation, i sent all of the possible evidence (including video where they admit raiding my server) yet nothing was done. Better your support discord.	bug report
It used to be good. Now I'm struggling to use it to make phone calls (to actual phone numbers), but it's not working g anymore, making it super complicated to put money in it.	bug report
It will do the trick, but it can really suck. It will freeze then close and not send the message or take forever to send.	bug report
Supportive application that helps you keep things flowing.	irrelevant information
Yes app works good now. Don't know what the issue was but I appreciate the fix. It's a very reliable app but a lot is changing in the industry. I can't really say phone companies are like a post it, just switch labels.	irrelevant information
Use Skype nearly everyday. Don't like the latest upgrade though very hard to use	feature request
I either have to keep force closing Groupme or uninstalling it just to get my messages to send.	bug report
Its not letting me logging in even i put my correct password & email it always says something went wrong pls fix it	bug report
This app is very good! I make new friends and communicate with my friends! There is a small issue tho. I cant send images no matter what I do (changing wifi , re-installing and ...)	bug report
It doesn't work, just an app to take your phone numbers out of your phone	bug report
When not able to get in touch by calling because someone can't pick someone always chime in with a reply	feature request
From 5 to 2. Discord has become a platform I wouldn't use if there were better options. With the new policies, app updates, and other unnecessary changes, this platform has begun to sour, and having used this app since 2016, it makes me sad knowing that the place I've used to talk to my friends, along with meeting new ones, has become this.	feature request
This app was great until a couple days later it wouldn't let me call any one and it would not let me send photos.😭	bug report
The new update is horrible, the UI is trash and discord is running slower than ever. Why was this even done?	bug report
not really a good app really bad about not getting the calls in or out and same with the calls too it has been saying sorry textnow has stopped and closes out of the app I don't recommend this to anyone.	bug report
😔 why is this emoji looks bad in discord emojis and has nothing between eyes?	feature request
It says it needs a update on the app then I click it and it leads me to the marketplace and it says it's up to date. Not to mention it's dumb you only get the number for 30 days then it's gone if you aren't using it all the time	bug report
Was not working.. all the words from the other phone was foggy	bug report
It is a great communicating tool for our group. It keeps us all on track with duties and responsibilites, encouraging and thanking one another.	irrelevant information
Can't login. Because login page not showing to OnePlus 8T. Ui-issue.	bug report
I get booted out frequently, have a hard time getting back in with my groups loaded, but when the app works it is convenient.	bug report
Please revert back to the old UI. It was perfectly fine the way it was before. This is clunky and ugly now, and I can't imagine getting used to it.	feature request
New update suck for mobile	feature request
They completely screwed up this release. When I get an incoming skype call	bug report
It was there when I needed to make an important phone call so it was very helpful .	irrelevant information
Awful clogs up my phone closes constantly	bug report
its only 3 stars cause i love talking to friends on discord but for discord android its so buggy. thats all im gonna say about it.	bug report
I give it a 4 star because of the new layout	irrelevant information
Love this app!! Hands down. Just wish we got notifications for codes for fb or setting up new email. Etc. 😊	feature request
few msg & photos deleting ..again we can't re collecting ..so it's very important to me .plz suggest & advice.	bug report
Most recent update... 3 seconds into call and it freezes... every time	bug report
UI unresponsive, very slow	bug report
Installed and hasn't worked at all sent messages never got anything back. Worst app don't bother waste of time.	bug report
Lost my number even though I used it within the 30 days, and I checked to see if the number was still available and it wasn't. They also make you pay for verification codes which is a huge reason to use this app but paying $10 for one text is ridiculous and very frustrating to learn AFTER you set it up. All around have not had a good experience.	bug report
Great chat app, a lot of fun, works very well!	irrelevant information
Great app, but keeps crashing... Please fix...!	bug report
Good for maintaining contact.. I wish it was easier to delete persons from Group Me. Step to remove needs to be more visible on the screen.	feature request
To many inturuptions	irrelevant information
The new format is very hard to use.	bug report
Plz make it so we can draw when someone is share there screen	feature request
Half the time since I've had the app (for about a year) it doesn't let me change my picture	bug report
Crashes way to much	bug report
The best and secure app then WhatsApp	irrelevant information
My experience was good, my only thing is that it don't have a delete option	feature request
I'd give 0 if I could! Total crap!	irrelevant information
PLEASE I CAN'T JOIN A CALL WITHOUT MY ENTIRE APP FAILING TO WORK, everytime I join a call I cannot use the app afterwards or even connect to the call, the app stops outright processing anything, but doesn't freeze, I will not receive new messages or be able to change the UI size by changing window size, it is a cycle I have to endure by uninstalling and reinstalling to the same issue.	bug report
Great way to communicate effectively with mutable team members at the same time.	irrelevant information
Eny plase eny where way way in the back woods it's still texting and tocking great,but the girl can still finde me thanks google and providers	irrelevant information
It is pretty good and I've had it for a long time but a lot of times it won't send my text on time when I get them like it'll notify me I got a text but I'll look at the time it was sent and it'll be 10-20 minutes before it ever notifies me. Sometimes I'll actually have to open the app before it'll notify me at all. And sometimes it works great. Its good when it works but it don't work all the time. 3stars	bug report
Was working good at first but then text started not coming through	bug report
Bin getting worse and worse on how you navigate on phone it feels like they watch a bad youtuber redesign a app and said to hell with it we are ganna do that to and made the Desktop Vs way batter by a mile.	feature request
Widget is malfunctioning	bug report
The best free app I've used	irrelevant information
It's pretty alright, it just has come kinks to work around with the new update, such as when photos and short videos are being sent they don't adjust to size properly and kinda bug out	bug report
Mm l ityeî you h	irrelevant information
Don't like they cut your conversation off if the other party is not a contact with signal too well you can only invite people and if they don't respond to it nothing else i can do and signal doesn't allow you to continue to chat with them after so long and the main reason we fet signal is gor privacy so it forces you to go back and chat on default messaging...so no not completely satisfied.	bug report
ok so i downloaded this and i uninstalled it, after a few weeks, i want to install it again but why is it always pending? Like I've been waiting for almost 10 minutes it's still pending, what's wrong with this.	bug report
The new layout is a bit overwhelming. Previously, it was a few, if not, just 1 click to get to my recent chat messages from the last person I texted. Now it takes about 2 or 3 clicks. Videos are for some reason 4:3 ratio, when most users videos are 1:1 ratio, or landscape; this cuts off a lot of the video, and makes it feel incredibly zoomed in. When resizing the app, everything but the video is responsive, when previously it was. Overall I feel the video calls ui need more attention	bug report
I have been please with app. It keeps us on top of changes in real time.	irrelevant information
Awefully slow and at times doesnt work. All of sudden my credit disappeared.	bug report
This is the most counter productive app ever released. The devs constantly release updates to sabotage themselves, it's like they want to fail. And we'll I'm going to help them by changing my review to 1 stars instead of 5	bug report
Works Great everywhere I go! Plus it's Free	irrelevant information
Let me start by saying I've been using discord since 2016 and love it. Sadly the developers find it necessary to bombard its users with ads for its premium service Nitro™. Nitro seems cool, but stop blasting me with ads for it- if I wanted ads I'd go to Youtube. Recent updates have frequently seen connection issues, and the newest UI is a downgrade for organizing conversations and servers. This app is currently a big part of many communities, and I hope these issues are addressed soon.	feature request
Skype been stable so far on my new phone but still needs some reliability improvements especially in the message list page	bug report
Mobile app seems to have problems showing and syncing with chat channels and messages. Notifications will show up but not actually update within the channel view	bug report
I have been regularly using Discord since 2017, and I've paid for Nitro since 2022. This newest UI update is, in my opinion, the absolute worst update I've ever seen. It is not intuitive, it changes almost every feature that made Discord accessible, and it now looks nothing like the format of desktop Discord, which is something that previously made the mobile app so nice to use. I'm also considering ending my Nitro subscription, as I don't feel like paying $10 a month for an app I hate using.	feature request
This app is useless	irrelevant information
Meh application - and if there's a notification on a channel (the small red badge next to the channel name) there's no way to go see what triggered it, which makes it useless.	feature request
Cant listen to voice mails everytime you put your ear to the phone and it touches the drop down bar its hangs up the voicemail call. And speaker in the app isnt working to listen to voicemail	bug report
My mom got a text at 3 am today from my number telling her "Happy Valentine's Day, Mom!", that I didn't send.	irrelevant information
Thanks for your fantastic services providing the excellent modern technology.	irrelevant information
I know my mobile device was once active on this app? So why's it not working now? I did delete my account too so what's up with this strange version?	bug report
Better app to use to make new friends	irrelevant information
Can't find end conversation per help instructions. Icons are NOT intuitive. Status isn't clear as to initial sms. First experience is typical of "every" app I've tried as a month old Android user. Aug 24. TMobil unlocked inactive app for me. Calls to Thailand completed but microphone is not working, in 3 tries it was off or mute. Last time very briefly on then off or mute. Two places in Android settings 2x chek for microphone, etc permissions. Best description is Trash.	bug report
No problem from signal!!!! But people are obsessed with whatsapp...... One issue is : add instant lock feature in the app.	feature request
They ditched SMS so I had to use other messengers as well and of course like most people found that to be inconvenient so deleted this app even though I liked it. For sure gonna kill this app making that change	irrelevant information
Anyone giving this more than a 3-star clearly doesn't know about better alternatives out there.	irrelevant information
Poor . Poor wording in friends request. Quite hassle to install. Wants to much info camera etc	irrelevant information
Better App than duo	irrelevant information
I don't always receive my messages in a timely fashion	bug report
Edit: 12Dec2022 - Dropping to one star. Why do I need to relink to devices after an update?? I can't see messages sent from one device on another. It may be because messages are not retained on servers by Signal once they've been delivered. But come on!! Prev. Edit 2021: Dropped it from 5 to 2 stars. 1. Lost messaging history after upgrade. 2. Continual FORCED upgrades. Unable to use app without upgrading. 3.Need to resync with laptop after each upgrade. One step away from uninstalling!	bug report
The search was made worse with the recent update. Bring back the previous search please. I want the search to check all channels in a server not one	feature request
Chat form with many different chat rooms just about anything you might want to talk about	feature request
Bring back SMS. There is no reason to kill this. Doing so will force many of us to go elsewhere.	feature request
no problems so far, able to talk to my boo, in ATL	irrelevant information
12/27/22: Not able to send long voice memo or messages. What's going on? Please fix! This app is always crashing while listening to voice memos after about 3-5 minutes. I have to close it completely and reopen. Please fix it.	bug report
Constantly deletes all my server channels from my UI for no reason	bug report
When I first got this app, I did a test text and it went through and the person was able to text me back. I was notified that people weren't getting my text until days later. Then a lot of my messages never were sent. Would not recommend.	bug report
New at the app. Not sure yet	irrelevant information
Are right	bug report
Used to work great but recently logs me out for no reason and refuses to log me in again!!  If I use my Microsoft account it says "Error logging in with Microsoft", and using my email and password it says "incorrect email address /password"  even though it works on my pc and makes no difference resetting the password?!!  Very very annoying	bug report
Really like using this app for chatting, but the new interface killed everything that we know about discord... Specially some features like being able to see server members which is now more annoying to look for	feature request
Excellent connection. Great video sharing and international texting	irrelevant information
New UI from November 23 update is confusing, glitchy and overall a mess. It no longer matches the PC version. Uninstalled. Discord is trying to be less unique and alienating longtime users with these poor updates and useless design choices with no option for older appearance style. Also the new theme colors, while fun, are not accessible for those with vision problems.	feature request
Uses too much power. Can't do a video chat it's kind of dumb	bug report
I'm new to group, so I'll see	irrelevant information
ever since it updated it has been lagging hardcore...I type "cat" and it takes like 5mins for the app to type it and send	bug report
Don't like how their "servers are unavailable" when you're sending a text ...maybe 75% of the time...	bug report
Over all experience is 7 out of ten. I'm not much of a teach guy. My only issue was being hacked. I received many undirected calls thrue this app. And also tunting ads that where Directed towards me personally. It was an obvious hack. If not the hack 10/10	bug report
Minutes really?!	irrelevant information
Great app and i use it daily but the only problem is that when i downloaded the last update i cant upload any attachments like pictures or videos i hope you fix it or tell me the way to fix	bug report
Not perfect anymore, new update release a horrible layout for mobile and it has been truly disgusting. I may stop using this service or use external means to change it back to its previous layout of this continues to be so and the layouts are not back at default like how it should be.	feature request
Clear and dependable connection. I love it!	irrelevant information
Rarely used the app now, lots of things changed and barely talk to friends, maybe I'll try and get used to discord been around since 2019 and now I'm unactive, Imma try my hardest to stay active on this crazy app	irrelevant information
Getting more laggy and stuttery per update but it's good overall	bug report
Was a great encrypted app until they started requiring all parties to have it in order to text. What about half my friends who can't/won't get Signal for one reason or another? I just won't be able to text them? Ridiculous requirement, I think you'll lose many users because of this.	feature request
perfect for group projects or a social club. my only complain is that some features are not souser friendly such as deleting old messages or groups	feature request
Ok It's alright in the beginning to showed my messages but now it doesn't show my messages when I want to view them. How am I supposed to replie to a message I can't see.	bug report
Signal is about to stop supporting SMS - creating a silo and terrible user experience. Not everyone can use Signal, but at least having SMS support I could use this as my default messaging app.	feature request
I no longer trust this app, The eliminated its independent lock, and now the program is completely dependent on Google services framework to function. I do not believe that Signal is secure any longer. But I know that it doesn't function without Google that's enough to consider it trash. I would recommend Element to anyone looking for secure, encrypted, open source communications that doesn't rely on Google Framework	bug report
I'm uninstalling this app it dont work right and stops responding a lot, keeps dropping calls and doesn't accept verification codes my phone service is shut off and this being my only number right now so it makes it useless when I can't get verification codes because everything need a phone verification to not have that on this app is the most stupidest thing anyone could do.	bug report
its alright-ish, it keeps crashing, it wont let you answer calls from in the app, keyboard keeps crashing, ads are less annoying, but ads still suck, they show up as messages you cant delete	bug report
New version can't open contacts on dial pad	bug report
very nice very good very smooth very easy to use	irrelevant information
Supied apps	irrelevant information
It's free texting and calls which is sweet but as of today I can't make calls for some reason. Always worked before, I'm sure you guys will fix it	bug report
the worst part is i cant set it to private	feature request
It great app help you get second number it works great,I give it 5 Star if once I've my account back can't login	bug report
Don't use this for your important calls unless u like your calls dropped. Every time.	bug report
Difficult to share images with other apps - have to save to phone first	feature request
trash... if i could put 0 stars i would. phone calls don't work regardless of reinstallation, full signal strength, etc. Glad I discovered it before purchasing minutes 🤦‍♂️	bug report
Even my net is good, still my caller cant hear. I do set the microphone and all, still my caller cant hear. Kindly fix this problem. Thank you	bug report
Spent money for Nitro and i cant even use themes on mobile.	bug report
I really enjoyed it	irrelevant information
This iphony version sucks takes forever to load messages	bug report
I would receive random calls and texts from numbers that I don't recognize and the same number calls me every single day and I just get tired of it. So 2 stars for this app. It's a good app when I need a phone but to many phone calls from randomly numbers.	bug report
Just got to love Skype.	irrelevant information
Faster group communication. It would be better if we could reply to specific message too.	feature request
receive messages or calls. I'm currently out of the country and I need to	feature request
ok free internet text and calls	irrelevant information
The redesign is fine, but it's still a god-awful mobile app. Discord is an app for calls. Yet it doesn't work on the background or with the screen off with basic power saving on (which isn't a problem for Telegram or Whatsapp), and if I turn off battery saver and go do something in the background, it just stops randomly after a while without notice. Also, why does it start a call to a Bluetooth device as an output when there's nothing connected?	bug report
Fun app. Times out at times but all in all good performance.	bug report
I love the app, but it is no longer going to support SMS messaging unless everyone is on signal. I can no longer use it for some of my friends.	feature request
Very crashy app! If your playing music in the background and you open the	bug report
You only have like 12min.on calling minutes. If you run low on calling minutes you have to watch videos.😒	feature request
Still unsure about the privacy.	irrelevant information
Easier than texting and does not fill up my phone. Love it	irrelevant information
Keeps me up to date and info	irrelevant information
One of the things that really miss in Skype is to be able to see if your message has been read by others in group chat while the same feature is available on the Desktop version. Thank you for the great app.	feature request
To many ads and bugs	bug report
The app no longer allows me to watch videos to gain minutes. They are TRYING to FORCE Me to Upgrade and PAY For the service. I Am No Longer Happy!!!	bug report
Nope not right choice , pass this one up in my opinion bogus too much hassle . Never got it to function properly	bug report
I sent an email quite a few days ago, but have yet to receive any help. There isn't an icon nor a setting re voicemail like is shown in the help section, so I'm not able to receive calls. Planning on putting money to have minutes seeing as it's way cheaper than using my carrier, but obviously not til this is figured out	bug report
app and even manually enter individual chats for it to retrieve messages.	irrelevant information
If I don't look at every text right away, I get a message that I will not longer receive messages and I have to rejoin the group. What am I doing wrong?	bug report
GroupMe is a Fantastic app for any group looking for an easy to use for communication of all events. A calendar option would make this Perfect!!!	feature request
Works sometimes not very reliable	bug report
I love the app but it's constantly lagging. I'll get all the messages at once and all the others with I phones get their messages before me.	bug report
I usually love this app. i have used it for about 3 years maybe more and it has always been fantastically but recently it has been glitching a lot on my lg metropcs phone.	bug report
Bad cant even go on So dumb	bug report
Great app. So much fun	irrelevant information
You can send me messages and call your friends	feature request
Useless, blocks some messages and than demands money to get the texts	bug report
Seamless app. No issues here.	irrelevant information
Has not been able to send or receive images in the last few days.	bug report
This is a 0 star wouldn't say it's the best	irrelevant information
A solid secure messaging application. Just learned that instead of making a white list for inbound SMS, Signal is dropping all SMS support. Signal can no longer be my default SMS application. Guess that means I will be forced to re enble Messenger and make it the default again. Disappointed. Two stars off.	bug report
Calling is really janky, and the functionality of using both the Android app and the PC app is pretty awkward, too.	bug report
Worst app in history I gave gave it 1 star because there's no option to give it a minus star. It lets you make calls but no one will be able to hear you. What was the point of this app for? Uninstalled immediately, not worth it	bug report
Removing the SMS feature is such a terrible idea. Now Signal becomes another in a sea of messaging apps that can't communicate with each other. What a mess.	feature request
This is supposed to be a text free app i have to pay 5 dollars for it every month what's up with that	feature request
New UI update killed my family	bug report
I have submitted a simple bug many times. But all I am done is asked foolish questions and solution rather team look into it. On Xiaomi phones, as soon as I install and login, no group or chat of mine shows. Unless someone tags me. To mates I show as added. Once I move to a custom rom like lineage and install group me everything appears. It sucks how the support helps.	bug report
Why does it connect to your SMS, get out of my life. It's like a dude your neutral with you met on the streets. He is cool, but he suddenly shows up in your dm constantly everything things happen in his group and you're involved. Like, keep it separate please.	irrelevant information
I'm having an issue with notifications right now. After one of the more recent updates my phone will show an icon that a message may be pending for signal but it won't notify me or download the message until I manually open the app. Would you please work to address this? I've checked all my settings and they appear to be correct.	bug report
I like the fact that it's private.	irrelevant information
I cannot make calls over wifi. I use to before, but not it period saying I have no signal when in fact the wifi is fully connected. Please fix this ..	bug report
I wasn't going to leave a review until the app asked me to. The new UI is awful and glitchy. I'll change my rating when they change it back or at least give the option to. I've been using Discord since 2016 and this has been the worst update I've seen. Change it back.	feature request
Its 👍	irrelevant information
The new update has some frustrating bugs. When entering a sercer channel, it inexplicably starts you a small distance away from the most recent messages so you have to scroll down to see the message. Personally, I strongly dislike the update and many friends have shared the sentiment. It's harder to navigate, is less user friendly and having the DMs on a completely separate tab is annoying.	bug report
The new design is good and all but this new UI is very difficult to use and navigate. For example, it was very difficult to search a keyword in mobile version. Nah, difficult is an understatement. Its IMPOSSIBLE to search for keyword because it shows none. And thats just a basic example of it, I don't even know the other issues that I haven't explored yet	feature request
So it's worked well so far! But the person I send messages to sometimes doesn't see my messages! I send at least 7 before they answer! It could be because they're on an apple device and I'm on an android but still it's agitating!!!	feature request
Rubbish app don't receive verification code	bug report
around the world. The app interface has consistently gone from bad to worse	feature request
keeps crashing now and wont open	bug report
can't typing when you video call	bug report
Great except that sometimes I randomly don't get a notification that I have a new message, which is really frustrating.	bug report
I've used text now for awhile. It worked great at first it was ok. Had minor problems with it but nothing terrible. Now the app freezes every time I try to use it. It's not functioning at all... It sucks	bug report
pointless update after pointless update there is no reason for most of these updates , and many of them not only change parts of the UI without warning , they will cause certain aspects of the app to literally stop working .	bug report
Use to be a great app, but lately doesn't give timely notifications	bug report
background and bubbles. And if it had avatars.	feature request
I have used the app on 2 different brands of Android phones and it has performed well on both.	irrelevant information
that I actually asked the team to use this app.	irrelevant information
I only give 2 stars cuz these jerks take your minutes away EVEN IF YOU PAID. I had like 1000 min and I lost my phone and didn't redownlaod for a while when I signed back on all my minutes were gone.😤	bug report
Everything is fine but there was 1 problem for me is, when i share screen on my mobile and try to go to stream with my pc, my mobile share screen has no audio i got frustrated to search in google and youtube to how to fix it.	bug report
I'm in a good wifi and cell area don't know why it's doing this.	bug report
really though?	irrelevant information
Doesn't work! Every number I'm selecting are no longer available!	bug report
With a descent connection, you can call anywhere in the world. I have used Skype in multiple countries without any difficulty	irrelevant information
I used it on my Ipod and on my phone. I have been using this app for more than 3 years. I loved this app, but now I just hate it!! It's a waste of time and money when 2 seconds waste a minute. I won't be aware of a call until I get a missed called notification nor will i receive a text until a few hours later.	bug report
We use this as an employee chat group Seems to be working great.	irrelevant information
Why does a splash screen come up everytime I check Skype? I understand Nougat 7.0 and Marshmallow hibernate apps not in use but surely there is way to remove the stupid animation?! WhatsApp didn't do it. Since I sent from 5.1.1 in my old phone to 7.0 on new, and updated Skype, it's slow, and frustrating!	bug report
Latest update is buggy - sometimes, when I switch channels, it still displays messages from the previous channel. When this happens, I have to kill discord and start it again. Also, new ui is not comfortable and non intuitive. The only thing I love about this update is a black theme	bug report
It's awesome so far	irrelevant information
Will give 5 stars if someone can help me with an issue. Ive used text free before and this has never happened. I'm using it for calls since i just moved Into another state and have already purchased minutes. But the calls always end on 26 seconds. Any help?	bug report
It's been a great app for me because I didn't want an expensive phone plan. In the past I've had great luck with it and I've told friends about it. A few may be signing up lol! I truly don't understand why more people don't have it because it's great and it's so inexpensive. I really appreciate it, so thanks guys. You have a wonderful service and ya make this woman smile 😁. Peace out, have a groovy day! I was gonna sign up with T mobile however I see no reason for it now.	irrelevant information
Functional and easy to use	irrelevant information
I think this app better than another massage app , so I'm recommend use only one time and then say app review	irrelevant information
Couldn't get out of this freaking app without asking me to rate  it!!	bug report
I tried sending messages but its saying not sent try again, i logged out and i find it difficult logging in back, a very terrible experience	bug report
Doesn't work half the time I finally got rid of it	bug report
Used to be near perfect, then decided to remove their killer feature by removing SMS support.	feature request
Skype doesn't work in Android anymore. Fix it. This really sucks.	bug report
Please fix the app, it makes my whole phone crash	bug report
If you have an incoming mobile call during meeting, the app pauses the meeting and you dont hear anything until you reject (or, complete) the mobile call.	bug report
Had a full screen add come up, tried to click exit and apparently it was a download button. Seems like malware. Would not recommend the app. Edit in response to developers: it should be fine if you can write in something that asks the user to confirm the download. This would prevent malware disguised as an app from being downloaded by a download button hidden in an exit icon.	bug report
Edit 8/2018 - latest update made font size tiny! It is hard on my eyes and I'm going to have to quit squinting to use it if they don't fix it ASAP. Me changing will mean my whole family has to change. Former review - five star Love this app. Can be used on WiFi or mobile, so it's more versatile than texting. Small groups are great for things like figuring out which of 3 family drivers can pick a kid up from practice and at the same time let's the kid know who is on their way.	bug report
Really like it but it recently crashed and won't work anymore. Rebooted phone, cleared cache, just crashes when trying to start	bug report
Use to be a good app, but now I don't/barely get any notifications at all from any of my groups and direct messages, sometimes notifications come in 4 hours after the person has sent it!	bug report
Msg not sent easily most of the time msg is nott sent to receiver	bug report
I'm only Raten this a two star because I get random nummbers from ppl with disrespectful languagh don't get me wrong love this app but don't know how ppl get my numm	bug report
I appreciate the server system and i like that this app is more free-speech-ish (If that's a word) than other apps but there is room for improvement. The fact i need to give phone number if i need more accounts is bad even when I've never been banned. But this is a free app and it does it's job well enough. However if you're a kid or even a Young teen and reading this please don't use this app. Go outside.This app is nice but there is a lot of weird users and be careful. There is also viruses..	feature request
Great time waster while waiting for the time to go by	irrelevant information
Auto tech recycle 49 + years	irrelevant information
Easy to use love it	irrelevant information
but how can invite bot	feature request
Where is auto receive option that older version have???	feature request
Such useful but.. the app was working normal but after a while, it didn't send images didn't send videos and it made me mad. I think its filtered or there's problems with the app.	bug report
App is slowwww	bug report
THIS APP IS TRASH I HAVE TO PAY FOR CODES BUT THE OTHER APPS DOESN'T DITCH THIS APP	bug report
Really very nice app	irrelevant information
Video load is very slow	bug report
This is slow app than meet	bug report
Can't call my drug dealer	bug report
One of the few user name based messenger apps that don't let you login	feature request
It's awesome I love it	irrelevant information
The app was fine before, but after this new big skin update it's now like cyberpunk on release	bug report
i use the app for various groups but the last year or so it stopped giving me updates and now i cant even send a text in the groups. nothing is working in the app.	bug report
Samsung 5 damn near catches on fire while using this app.	bug report
Discontinued sms support ?? Phht....	feature request
Discord keeps unfriending my friends and closing all their chats, it also keeps kicking me from call and deleting every server.	bug report
Love this group chat	irrelevant information
Wont let me send messages. Im on wifi and i have unlimited data so i dont understand y i cant send messages	bug report
Easy to talk to friends and moderate groups of people.	irrelevant information
Newest update is the absolute worst	feature request
It's a good app I was receiving notifications to keep me updated and now I don't	bug report
Better than many but. It took infinity time to crop and upload an image or simply upload an image. I had to cancel it every time	bug report
Okay everything else is fine, accept not receiving certain messages from friends. can you please fix this for me.	bug report
As a coach, this has been extremely helpful to keep families informed and organized.	irrelevant information
Always clear communication. No interference so far.	irrelevant information
Good app, I guess. However, it takes up waaay too much space. Currently takes up to 306mb, so I'm uninstalling and installing so it takes up less space. I shouldn't have to do this. It deletes messages too, after an amount of time, yes, but that's still frustrating. Calls aren't good, they tend to end unexpectedly. Video quality is always bad, regardless of phone or wifi connection. The most frustrating thing is it never gives me notifications and I end up ignoring my friends. It's also very slow, and it takes a while to load up.	bug report
While calling an video call the video clearity is not so good as compared to what's app plz improv it	bug report
Thank you it hlep be call my papa	irrelevant information
This is good app but problem and glitches available in app	bug report
Nitro is a scam. The app told me I needed to purchase it to send longer messages. It popped up the purchase options, so I did, and I still haven't been able to send longer messages.	bug report
Works accordingly	irrelevant information
It would be great if it was easier to use.	feature request
It's just so buggy and slow on a chromebook. It takes ages to pick up/hang up/ Close the app (Well maybe like 5s, but in 2018 it's just so frustrating). Not to mention that in my case it doesn't fit the screen, meaning I have to flip the laptop to use it as a tablet (To be fair I wonder if this issue is not related to flippable devices). Anyway, It's been several months now that Skype overall is getting slow and buggy and frustrating, and this for any OS (Desktop or smartphone)	bug report
According to your ad TextNow if i purchase a sim card i lock my number to my phone so i did and now TextNow you are a liar ‼️...you disconnected my number😠😤😡🤬	bug report
I really hate how whenever i try to connect my Spotify account to discord it wont let me it says close the window again then try again but when I try again it still wont let me	bug report
For some reason all of the sudden when I join a call with my friend I can't hear them and they can't hear me, I tried checking as much things I could but none of those things work, this was just sudden, I was able to talk to my friend yesterday but today I can't	bug report
I like it bc of my friends and my love	irrelevant information
I have an Galaxy 7 and I can not receive messages through the GroupMe app, it always goes through my messaging app. Tried uninstalling and re-installing but still no luck. I checked the settings to make sure i had not checked for them to go to my messaging app. Kinda disappointed 😖	bug report
Works swell except minor glitches 👍🏼	irrelevant information
Forced me to use my cell # when setting up, now I cannot change to my email address 🙄🙄	bug report
The new layout is an all around worse experience than the old one.	feature request
Everythings good but sometimes it starts lagging soo i will give it a 4	irrelevant information
Zero star, not even one star. No service available that is paid for. No refund until one has to raise the complaint multiple times	bug report
it's a better way to connect with opponents	irrelevant information
Why does my damn number keep changing after I have paid to reserve it?	bug report
Very nice but sometimes taking in the microphone glitches	bug report
Bunches of bla*3s.	irrelevant information
Theyre removing sms messaging for Android, seeing as most of my contacts don't use signal and I can't make them use it, they've made this app totally useless to me, before now it wasn't bad. No point keeping it now	feature request
Very good to have as a backup number. However, the signal may need some improvement in near future. Thanks	irrelevant information
Garbage recent update made the app less responsive and the ui worse. Takes upwards of thirty seconds to load up when it used to take five. And it has the audacity to then pop up a "please rate our app" message at the end of that load instead of just letting me read my DMs. I'd give a zero if i could.	bug report
it kuld b BETTA but it do Iz thang need better konecction	bug report
Love to have different number so everyone will not have my private number	feature request
Kinda if touch & go on the app	irrelevant information
Can't load the app...stuck on loading	bug report
Android app has been a hot mess since they stopped maintaining a separate iOS and Android version. Every update something is broken and (usually) something is fixed. At the time of this review the latest issue I have noticed is that swiping left and right to go between the server list and user list bugs out frequently.	bug report
I'm having an issue with the app where it's not letting me send images to my friend and it's been happening since it updated. So can I get a bit of help here?	bug report
The update ruined this app. It dumped all my contacts and information, then when I tried to reset my password, all the pages came up in Japanese!	bug report
I've had this app for a long time and really liked it at first. I was able to text and call for free and it really helped me out in a pinch. However, it no longer recieves verification codes without locking in your number, which is extremly inconvenient as I used to rely on it for that as well, and I find that it also lags a lot and takes a long time to open the app.	bug report
number as she haven't got a Skype account. Now It won't let me send a text	bug report
Always Improving. New stuff coming out all the time. They also listen when you tell them if something isn't working for you.	irrelevant information
Won't open at all after signing up or putting your old email stuff in just on one page	bug report
New update is not as simple and easy to use. Also push notifications sometimes don't get through now.	bug report
It dosent work correctly	bug report
find my contact list or the number that I called.	feature request
Fix the messaging it sucks	bug report
Stop asking to rate your app almost after every call. It just gets	feature request
Nothing but CYBERCRIMINALS! As a cyber professional I need to tell you it's full of cyber crime! No one that contacts you on here is legit. They blatantly allow scammers on their platform and do nothing to curb the issue. DO NOT USE!!!!! You were warned!	irrelevant information
We are told to get this because when the ebs hits that this app alone will be the only mode of communication available? I've tried looking for and adding any military channels or worldwide channels with ZERO luck. I'm unsure at this point whether to keep it or not. All of you will need to make that decision yourselves.	irrelevant information
All area codes I've tried there are no numbers	bug report
I am extremely thankful!!!!! I absolutely LuV this app😁 I woke up one day to find my cellphone was no longer in service 😔 🍀🌈🍀LuckilyY🍀🌈🍀 I found "TextNow" "TextNow" saved my day...& it'll save yours too☎️	irrelevant information
It was better before, but after 2-3 updates, it has become worse. Way too many bugs and lags regularly	bug report
My skype is very slow communication I can't send anything, I don't know why, it's always loading...	bug report
No updates really	irrelevant information
The android version of this app worked great before but a recent update has introduced all sorts of visual bugs and lagginess into the interface.	bug report
The audio is terrible and people can't hear me. Needs work.	bug report
This app is good for live conference and meeting no doubt... But there is one problem that it make the device slow... Its update are also heavy.	bug report
I cannot erase dialed numbers on my tablet. No info on how to do so anywhere. However, I am always connected and calls are clear.	bug report
Great internet calling and texting app	irrelevant information
Our group chat is glitchy af. Please send help asap. Thank you.	bug report
Good app but I ordered a SIM card and it was shipped to the wrong address I never received it	bug report
There is no feature about video ground screen Pls apdate this skype apk	feature request
Really nice app and features but server goes down every single day and in the evenings when its used most. Frustrating.	bug report
Why doesnt Calgary area code work like tf	bug report
The app just stopped working, saying it cannot connect to server, while I never have this problem with any other app.	bug report
It's okay when I first started it I basically did kind of just started	irrelevant information
even with a great wifi signal i cannot make a call. every time i try to text the ads get in the way.	bug report
I've had this app for 3 years. And at first it was complete trash, then one day. It just got better. Now, it's in the field of reliability.	irrelevant information
Notifications not popping up properly. Allowed all the necessary permissions. WhatsApp works fine, though.	bug report
It's too good	irrelevant information
It's a perfect way to communicate with your friends and family	irrelevant information
and risky while talking to senior execs.	irrelevant information
extremely easy to use. great way to communicate with your group 👍	irrelevant information
I found it a bit of a battle to install. Once installed the UI is not at all intuitive, especially for someone not familiar with App installation. I hope that the developers will give some attention to making it into an easier experience. Gave it 3 *, might revise with experience? Now revised to 4 stars. Good job on the security.	feature request
Seriously, stop trying to get me to change my username. I'm not doing it.	irrelevant information
it breaks up and I can't turn it off when I call	bug report
Discord was fine before despite having a few visualisation problems and sometimes just not responding to the input, with this new update I honestly have to say that you did not improve anything, if anything you've worsened the navigation as the navigation before was (at least for me) more smooth. Edit: I got even more problems now as messages won't load sometimes (and no it's not my internet), starting up discord takes about 10 seconds or so and then everything loads in.	bug report
App is very glitchy and drops calls all day. Works ok for testing although some of my messages have been delivered as late as a day. The app isn't very stable.	bug report
New design is terrible in every way	feature request
I'm waiting for the down load clearly	irrelevant information
Can't get an active chat with my group.	bug report
It is amazing especially the servers	irrelevant information
great way to stay in touch with our basketball team	irrelevant information
I hate this app cause it a way of cheting	bug report
Like the app. However would be better if they allowed you to get verification codes. For some people this is the only thing they have. And can't afford to get the $4.99 plan they offer	feature request
It's really easy to use and efficient. Gets the job done.	irrelevant information
the app is great. its just that everytime I try to request a new number (logging in), it always says "Something went wrong. Please try again later."	bug report
The app never takes you to the PIN screen! How dare you tell me "too many request" when I received 10 text messages but your buggy app never advances to the PIN entry screen. Total junk!! Whats app is superior.	bug report
Good way for everyone in the restaurant to know what's going on in a timely manner.	irrelevant information
I hated it wouldnt show up on my phone	bug report
Post update this app has been running horribly	bug report
The new UI is utterly awful. It's so hard to navigate, and you can't even have an option to change back to the new UI. If all my friends still weren't on here, I would have uninstalled already. It's now incredibly hard just to look at what servers you're in, to just merely respond to messages, to even moderate in your own servers and set up commands. Looking up messages? Can't do that either, too difficult at this point.	feature request
I should have the option to remove my card information from my account, because I didn't sign up for autopay option. And I don't want money takin from my account without my permission. I have left messages regarding this practice. This is in violation of sales practices. And also, I use wifi more than wireless data usage, but my data is constantly being allocated as if I'm using it. Then when it's supposedly used up, I'm charged again. I should be reimbursed those funds or the data.	feature request
⭐⭐⭐⭐ RATED 4 STARS!! Laid out clear and easy to compass around!! and not be confused about what the app is trying to do !! I use it for my main # and my side # and I even have it set to default as my main phone and messenger line in settings!! Barely ads running out in middle of something your doing atm!! In fact, I can't recall it ever happening to me. One issue is during a call my phone will go dark and screen is even off black and I've gotta go back and forth to get it back on!!!???	bug report
I MEAN ITS AITE THOUGH, ITS NOT ALL THAT AND A BAG OF DORITOS COOL RANCH AND SOME KINDA SOMETHING A LIL BIT MORE MAYBE DEPENDING ON WHOSE ASKING THOUGH YO, NAH WHAT I MEAN OR HUH-UH???	irrelevant information
App is constantly freezing 9n my Samsung S21 5G. If it didn't keep freezing I would rate 4 to 5 stars	bug report
New UI update is atrocious, extremely intuitive, please revert it back, also I'm rarely getting notifications since it updated.	feature request
All I know is I could send photos yesterday, and now, for some reason, I can't, and each time I try, I get an 'error' and I try to resend, but freaking nothing I even uninstalled it and re-installed, and still nothing >.> NOT HECKING COOL bros <.<	bug report
The caller can never hear me on the other end of a phone call.	bug report
It's a fun game	irrelevant information
good while it lasts.	irrelevant information
Discord is difficult clicking on a channel or person, not at times able to open or reply....HELP	bug report
Cant play audios in app	bug report
excellent ease of use	irrelevant information
Like it because I can say exactly what I want to say	irrelevant information
Grab me so much fun to chat with your couch	irrelevant information
I use this to keep in contact with my team and there are a few problems. 1. There are times it will not show me the chat. I will click on one of my group chats and it will look like it's loading but never does. I have to manually uninstall and reinstall to get the group chats to work again and see recent messages. 2. I cannot delete or edit messages. This is a pain when I say something in the wrong chat or if I spell something wrong and just want a quick fix.	bug report
Its an ok app, but I was locked out of my bank account and my phone was turned off due to lack of payment, and couldn't even get in it wen they sent a 2FA code to the number because you have to PaY fOr It. Thats stupid, there's people that don't have money for an actual phone andthey can't pay 6 dollars a month like me, so now I have no way to get into my account, and no way to get a code to get into my account.	bug report
I liked it but they say it's free but both me and my wife try to make a call and it says we have no credits to make a call. Very very disappointed as my wife's dad is in the hospital fighting for his life and no way to contact them. Also bought credits 3 times and my card got charged then tried the 9.9o a year deal and nothing someone please explain.	bug report
I only gave it 4 stars cuz I'm still "learning" it a lil bit. But so far it's cool! It works really well for quick messaging across a whole group.	irrelevant information
The app in recent updates has just become less and less functional. Messages hardly ever send without refreshing the app multiple times, pictures don't display right, messages don't load properly. If you're going to completely change the UI to something people don't like, at least make it functional.	bug report
Absolute best in class for E2EE mobile messaging.	irrelevant information
Still three stars, when we going to be able to save and/or share multiple files and/or photos to email vs just one from text thread? Remove just forwarding option currently only available to SMS, 5 STAR once completed.	feature request
it logged me out and it doesnt let me log back in it says password incorrect and ive reset it 3 times	bug report
I was about to update until I read some reviews.  I'll update once the kinks are ironed out.	irrelevant information
Wow halfly	irrelevant information
They are not at all concerned with that being an issue considering that a	irrelevant information
A free app until you use it.	irrelevant information
Switching to stories then tapping on first Signal story causes an application hang on my Google Pixel device. It's not Instagram, yet developers introduce these features without even testing — there are other issues that require engineering time.	bug report
Have trouble login in keep saying error occurred	bug report
Very nice app. I like that the texting is free. The only problem I can think of is the fact that it randomly mutes me for the other person when I go to another app. All in all, great app!	bug report
Don't get notifications no matter what I do. Extremly annoying note 10+	bug report
Excellent application to communicate with friends , family and staff if in different locations. Love it!	irrelevant information
Very good sound clarity	irrelevant information
title pretty much covers it	feature request
Everything was fine till now. I cant send txts no more!!!	bug report
Groupme is an ok app. I mean I can't tell much of a difference from what's app or other group texting apps nothing stands out about this app from the others. It is convenient but so are the others.  I LOVE the mute but the others have that as well.	irrelevant information
Best calling text app	irrelevant information
Good app Best app for messaging and of synchronizing contacts.	irrelevant information
Good some what	irrelevant information
There is a login issue	bug report
The app is good, but too much of something bad,,, the updates are lagging the app, sometimes am even forced to install then reinstall, iam an old user since 2019, plz fix the lagging	bug report
It's slow, and sometimes text won't send, you have to close the app and open again before it will send texts. But it still usable.	bug report
Your app really sucks I don't even get the verification code I don't suggest this app to noonne	bug report
I love how easy set up is.	irrelevant information
I love the app but why can't I send pics? I'm really confused-	feature request
Make discord lite pls, so that i dont have to go back and forth from alt accs to my main	feature request
Why does this have 4.5? It's garbage I can't get a number no matter what area code I use	bug report
We got this so the cousins could all stay in touch! I love it! ❤️	irrelevant information
What happened to group me? Before it felt so smooth now I can't even message people in my own contacts. I get errors when I try to add people from numbers. I get redirected to the site and I tried to open the app and stay on the site but it's always an error. Why make this so complicated when you had it running so well before.	bug report
So nice and easy to understand	irrelevant information
Used to be good but the updates keep making it worse. I hate how if you exit skype while on call the call display follows it.	bug report
I like the app.. I use it for texting.. only thing i don't like is minutes for calling b isn't unlimited	feature request
Well. As long as it's actually hiding my texts from people trying to spy on my info it gets 5 stars but kinda hard to prove	feature request
The updates being rolled out are actively making the app worse. It lags consistently, it will crash for no reason. Going off discord during a call disconnects you, some features are locked depending on what you use, and there are so many mobile bugs they refuse to fix. It's the only app that effectively lets me talk with my friends, otherwise it'd be 1 star.	bug report
this app has sent me into a downward spiral over the past 4 years	bug report
Its nice to talk w ur friends but I have many issues with dis app bc of the new updates 1 Activities are fun but way too laggy all my friends say dis its not just me 2 Ur vm dont work for many of me n my friends idk if its just us though as one of our friends is fine 3 Dis isnt an issue I like the new default pfps good job on dat 4 When I go on an app and call my friends cant hear me unless I leave the app go to voice settings just look at that and stay there The app keeps acting up pls fix it	bug report
Normally this app works just fine with minor bugs, occasionally my texts will stop sending but that has become far less common, im leaving one star because my account has been completely banned for seemingly no reason, i submitted an appeal and am waiting to see what happens, i checked the terms of service and i have seen nothing i could have done to get banned, what is very frustrating is that it never tells you what you did to get banned, will change review if situation changes	bug report
The most of the time works good sometimes there is a noise in the back of the video	bug report
cant call out at all.	bug report
nice app for convenience also since i don't have active service on my phone rn, nd with just wifi i can do everything on my phone i would need to do if i did had service which is a plus. but the constant interrupting ads and the fact this apps notifications dont seem to come thru on my phone n i did try to find a way in the settings to possibly change that so i get msg tone when i get a text or it ring when i recieve a call so idk.. hope the app can fix some bugs on it but its whatever haha	feature request
Everything is great on discord just from few days discord isn't opening it's continuously crashing.	bug report
To many bugs! It's used to be better than whatsapp but not so much since I keep running into random errors	bug report
can't hear anybody over voice chat, nor can anyone hear me, voices sound distorted and robotic and choppy, can't watch streams either, the screen keeps loading and telling me every so often that I've been disconnected, I've been having these issues with the discord app for YEARS (both on PC and mobile), and still no fix, looked everywhere online, nothing, it's madness, only time it works is when I use the browser on my PC when my voice setting is set to "push to talk"	bug report
As I'm been playing this game for so many years now do i have anything in there for me	irrelevant information
Works great, updates keep it running smooth while adding more features	feature request
Don,t like that posts can,t be deleted	feature request
Works great for what it is, the UI/UX really isn't great though what's frustrating is that it used to be.	feature request
Sound volume low	bug report
It would be 5 star but the calls when a call is active you Cant open another app this should be fixed or added	bug report
Its a good app but it definitely has its limitations. I would like to see a built in polling option to make it easier to make plans. With bigger groups it makes it more difficult to plan accordingly and getting everyone's input	feature request
The gifs and image sharing are still buggy	bug report
Have been able to get great videos from my friend in South Carolina. We have mutual interest and we can watch each other and have some fun watching the other clearly !!	irrelevant information
Worst app ever.. Minutes before I start class Its not working	bug report
Randomly doesnt send me notifications, causing me to only see I have new messages when I happen to open the app a couple days later wondering why nothing's come up.	bug report
This app is terrible. I never get the notification that someone is texting/texted me. When you call the other person can't hear you but you can hear them. And when you wanna answer the phone you have to click it 4 times to answer 🙄. It did not satisfy me and I don't think it will satisfy you.	bug report
♻️for half the day I feel like. And then I have the opportunity for a little while to get back into my life.	irrelevant information
Good app . Only thing is is you can screenshot .	feature request
Discord Talk op Download and oo 100 Stra	irrelevant information
I receive notifications(the same kind as a new message) everytime when someone in the group translate a message to a different language.	feature request
When sending images into a channel, my list of photos from my gallery won't show up, permissions is all set up, I don't see why they won't appear. This bothers me especially on an art dedicated channel, this was after the update.	bug report
It works for the most part. There has been one issue for years that has never been resolved. I have had this issue from device to device. I never get notified when a new person sends me a private message. Have missed a lot of comments/conversations due to this bug. Wish they'd fix it. Seeing as it's been going on for years, I guess they never will.	bug report
Use to love this app but lately I can't recieve any photos. I literally have to delete and uninstall the app and then reinstall the app just to see the picture that was sent. Reached out to support and my email was denied.	bug report
I miss a lot of calls and have lots of dropped calls and msgs come in late but I was able to pick my own number and can earn free minutes so it doesn't totally suck	bug report
Every time I clicked on the the app, it went black then closed it. I never got a chance to get into the app.	bug report
great app! you can send people messenges and it is great and there are cool clips you can send and emojis. i did not like that you could not chat in the calls. i liked how you could make group chats with anyone who has Skype. but i did not like the ring tones at all. i reccomend Skype for anyone! i like skype more than other calling apps like zoom and the regular call app. i like Skype more because of the messenges you can send in skype! it is just like text but much better! you can even send clips from movies like despicable me 1, 2 and 3 and other cool movies and it has lots of super cute clips to send! But i just think that skype should make it so you could share your screen.	feature request
New UI is fixing things that weren't broken. It's a good app, but we need to let companies know abrupt changes to UX aren't welcome.	feature request
Audio switching still doesn't work. If I connect bluetooth during a call it doesn't show up in the list.	bug report
Video calling works good.. sometimes it buffers but not too bad The past week, my video calls have been horrible! Buffers..then the video freezes and I am left watching a frozen with my family. Can anything be done to stop this from occurring?	bug report
It won't let me update my profile picture	bug report
It's super laggy and will stall my phone cause of all the damn ads	bug report
The new UI is some of the worst garbage I've ever dealt with. I reverted my version using a third party just to get rid of it, that's how bad it is.	bug report
SCAM COMPANY STAY AWAY!!!! Had been using this app for several years, including with a paid subscription. My account was disabled after logging into the service on my PC while using a work VPN. ToS says NOTHING about this not being allowed. Submitted an appeal over a month ago, and nothing. Customer service just says to wait. Cancelled my subscription, and will not be back.	irrelevant information
that I got a text from a friend. If you are looking for an alternate number	irrelevant information
Very clear call to israel	irrelevant information
Clear and Vivid communications, Skype is the perfect app for you to enjoy.	irrelevant information
Eva Braun and I use this to text and talk to each other without a phone plan all the time.	irrelevant information
Great app but drains battery life.   May have to delete.	bug report
I can't putt messages up on the calendar, keeps saying unable to load conversation, have cleared the cache, uninstalled the app restarted my phone and still same error	bug report
If I could give negative stars, I would. I SO would. Your app is garbage. less than a week I've had it. I tried to sign into it last night from my phone, and I got sent to a screen telling me I didn't have an account. And yet... when I tried from my laptop, lo and behold, it was there?! I downloaded this app to be able to give my partner a local-to-him area code to be able to reach me whilst he's in hospital. Do better. 🤬	bug report
Biased political coverage and actions!!	irrelevant information
Have to open up my app store every time I can't get it to my homepage otherwise would be 5 stars	feature request
Almost unusable with the ui changes. half the channel list section doesn't even load, so there's blank space and I can't even scroll down far enough to reveal all the channels. Half of images are cut offscreen. As in you get the left side only. The screen gets stuck if I open the attachment menu for any reason. And then of course the actual ui changes making things bigger and rounder, no wonder nothing fits on screen. An app I once considered essential, I am now considering doing away with to si	bug report
Used to be 5 but the whole reason I made this review is the fact they changed the layout even though it worked completely fine and it's complete garbage now	feature request
Contacts dosent show up in my phone	bug report
Does not pick up my voice. It's very aggravating. I have to shout into my phone for the person I'm talking to to hear me. It seems to cancel my voice out as background noise. Please fix this.	bug report
Difficult to use. Great to have no other way of communication but huge pain. Never get any form of notification unless in the app and even then it's delayed. Hard tk keep signal with calling a lot of times and calls are dropped a lot.	bug report
Not opening from last two days	bug report
Great works amazing 👏🏼	irrelevant information
It was working great, but now one of the last updates causes my video calls to freeze constantly. It'll freeze the video of the person I'm talking to every 30 seconds and I either have to minimize and reopen the video, which only lasts 30 seconds before it freezes again, or restart the app to get it work again. It's really frustrating since I'm on calls 24hrs a day. Other than that, the rest of the app works great. I just really hope they fix this bug. I've been paying for nitro for 2 yrs.	bug report
Have had this app for a couole months and i love it. Very easy to use, useful on ipads and tablets where you cant have your own number. Adds are annoying, but you get used to them. Great connection service for a free app. Calls just as good as on built in call apps on phones	irrelevant information
Only problem is in deleting conversations other than that it's ok	bug report
I am happy to say I never need a phone bill again but alot of the time it drops call or they can't hear me after a few seconds	bug report
Discord was great for mobile in the past but its awful now with the new layout and added features that make the app more laggy, its debatable to keep using. I hope there is a second app made where its legacy and lite but I doubt it. Its sad to see it become more inaccessible. My advice to people who choose updates for Discord: Stop adding new features and updates. Focus more on fixing bug issues and lag, those are the real issue ruining it.	feature request
Secure, feature full, and now editable	feature request
Works well unless you're on Android and want to use Bluetooth to talk in chats.	bug report
on the whole good	irrelevant information
Like most folks who have offered negative or disappointing feedback in response to the app, I too have experienced a great deal of the problems expressed here, particularly with respect to dropped calls, missed incoming calls or calls that fail to notify or ring, and numerous drama involving the ads. Having said that, I've used the app for over 5 years as both a supplement to my regular service and occasionally even as a sole source of phone service when necessary. And I'm still here so...	bug report
Good but you have to pay $4.99 to get your verified like numbers to verify your things and I don't think that's there when you're the one who it says specifically free but it's not technically free cuz technically it's $4.99 and that's annoying when I'm trying to get my stuff so I can verify stuff and next thing I know it's time to have to pay for $4.99 for stuff I don't have time for that so that's the only battery I got and when and when it gets better then I'll have a nice review	bug report
Ever since the new update, when I open the app, im met with a blank screen or a previous conversation I was looking at that wasn't the latest session. Throw this in with long loading times and every discussion being listed as read only for 20-30 seconds has made this chat client incredibly frustrating to use.	bug report
It's like texting, but worse. Many technical errors, doesn't work well, don't download.	bug report
Don't use this app as because at first it will work nice but after using 2 to 3 times it will start lagging and u will join class 40 min late	bug report
The Dec. 6th update is terrible and makes it harder to do basic things. The UI is now less intuitive and the search function in servers is difficult to relearn how to use. It was already a somewhat complicated app to figure out, now they've made it even more difficult.	feature request
I think the app is pretty great, I had a few issues with it before but now they seem to be fixed, there are a few issues I still have now but can be mostly fixed with just paying monthly membership (I just don't have much money right now and can't really pay online at the moment) but I don't really have a real phone number so I think this is great if you need a backup or something along the line I do recommend (・∀・)	feature request
it's good overall, although it could use a shadow-join feature so you can join calls without people's knowledge, it could help many people to resolve conflicts in servers	feature request
I had a problem with one contact not receiving texts through Signal. I knew something was wrong, because messages would immediately check as sent, when other contacts have a delay while being sent. I tried uninstalling the app and installing again, but none of my texts were restored. Had to restore a backup. But my 1st problem persists. + Signal will no longer support SMS, it is not practical to use this app any longer. I can't convert the world to Signal, and I want to use only one texting app.	bug report
Its good for gamer	irrelevant information
Just okay not spectacular	irrelevant information
Very difficult to make a video call and very very difficult to find the way to set favorites and there is no way to turn of the vibration for calls or video calls. It takes a lot of time to make a call. I wonder do you really pay people to do this updates or it is just some competitor's just trying  to destroy you?  The previous  version was perfect i though that skype was a serious application. Before the updates it was a 5 stars application but now i give you only 2 and this just for the good history before, otherwise it was going to be only 1 star.  (Although the video call quality is good).	bug report
The recent changes to Onboarding completely restricting control of the Welcome Screen is a bad direction for the app. Onboarding requires you to basically complete a short quiz just to use the server. All of it's functionality is already done by bots and moderators in channels that restrict nothing, and the fact that they're trying to get it to replace the far simpler, quicker, and easier to use Welcome Screen is baffling.	feature request
Phone number to sign in and it's not fun	bug report
Skype has been very useful to me. Unfortunately, I've encountered some problems from time to time. But in general words I think it is a good and efficient app.	feature request
Having a great time with it so far it's a fast app	irrelevant information
They don't bother to optimize for mobile, they ruined their UI desgin, they use unreliable AI systems to monitor your every interaction, and they simply just don't care.	irrelevant information
This app is great, when my data plan ran out this is the first thing I looked for and I've never looked back. The only downside to it is 1 frustrating thing in particular, and I know it's probably stupid but after 3 hours the call automatically ends and idk why. Cause I be tryna fall asleep with bae over the phone and I wake up and she's not there. Like, c'mon bae, where'd you go 😢. But it's a really good app and would recommend it to my friends!	bug report
I would like to customize more but other than that, definitely a good app	feature request
Idk good to talk to the nephilem	irrelevant information
New update has made the UI significantly harder to operate and less accessible. Things that took one tap or swipe are now multistep processes which causes me more arthritis pain and the colour saturation is causing me more migraines. My on screen samsung keyboard has bugs uniquely in discord where areas just don't work. 50% the time I open the app, the chat from the channel I opened the app on will stay despite navigation to other channels or even other servers until I close and reopen the app.	bug report
All this is it just a big are you a robot test	irrelevant information
Solid messaging app. I would recommend this.	irrelevant information
The app is good I got that but littertly when the sim card is set up and all that it is good for calling but what if I wanted to listen to YouTube in my car and I can't because the LTE (mobile data) dose not work	feature request
Signal works for secure communication, but it's been taking a bad direction recently. Once SMS is removed, it'll be nothing more than an app that could enable secure communication but won't have the userbase to support it. Good luck convincing friends and family to use two messaging apps. They've also added Stories for no good reason; using that developer effort to support SMS would be a better decision. Signal will just be a slightly more private WhatsApp without its userbase.	feature request
Worst app ever to be made you have to get minutes to actually call and then download other apps bunch of Lies hate this app so much I would recommend not downloading it FYI I would be better off paying a cell bill	bug report
I love app but is not working on my phone, what wrong	bug report
Unsure what update, whether it's my s21 ultra or discord. But it's constantly a fight to make the app work properly. Either all channels dont appear or I can't type or it's just freaking out all together	bug report
Excellent for chatting	irrelevant information
The latest update feels very unintuitive. One of the most incomprehensible changes is that if you're looking at pins or trying to search for an image, the results no longer show you images, forcing you to click on every possible post to find what you're looking for. That's not a cosmetic change to adapt to; that's just a blatantly worse function.	feature request
It has been good but I have not found a way to delete messages	feature request
Edit: fixed the issues I had by changing the wifi since it was smth connected to that for whatever reason, but sometimes (as in at least 25-35 times a day) when I open up discord it only shows me some channels in a server, makes images really big, and more. I have to close the app to fix the issue which after having done it so many times is ABSOLUTELY KILLING ME! Please for all that is holy, focus on actually fixing this or YouTube might become a better place to chat with others than here 🙏	bug report
You have to pay for verification codes, also there is a bug where the person cannot see my messages, they send but they cant see them, only I can. Please fix this	bug report
Horrible, it doesn't work. And I have requested a refund through Google and they say they cannot help me, I just want my money back.	bug report
Couldn't even sign up, would not send me a PIN, said too many requests.  Tried repeatedly, I bet if I let them call me as it suggests I will be overwhelmed with spam sales calls.	bug report
The texting part is a bit slow but works and the calling has horrible reception. Flashback to the old "can you hear me now?" commercials. In theory the app is good but it isn't quite there yet. I'll just stick to What's App for texts and Skype for calls. Skype calls aren't great but they're a bit better and truly free. This one makes you buy minutes or download apps for 2-3 mins an app! What a hassle!	bug report
It runs well,Sometimes doesn't want to open	bug report
the random backups freeze every I/O op on device for the horrendously LONG time it takes to conplete (6-10+mins). can we at least set a backup schedule? I mean, good grief! plus, it still has ridiculous size limit on shared MMS media.	bug report
the only thing is that when you want to make a call you have to use Wi-Fi that is the only thing but the rest is good	feature request
Horrible my friend who has the textfree number texted me the word "Stop" and said she recieved a message saying "If you would like to stop recieving messages from this phone number etc etc.." asked me flat out on the spot if this was my real number or not I do not like giving people my real number because I got hacked once please fix this issue	bug report
Was working fine until lately whenever a text come in it doesn't ring or no notifications. Had put mine on show message preview in notifications but it still doesn't work	bug report
It is a good app, but there is a glitch that when I am in voice room and make it run in background and play a game while it's run my phone closes randomly pls help	bug report
Easy to use and set up a group. Drawback is that it's hard to sort through the messages.	feature request
No longer useable, it keeps freezing.	bug report
Somehow a battery killer. I really want to give this 5 stars, because it's so easy to use and the setup was quick without any hassle. Unfortunately as soon as I installed it, I noticed my battery is dying SUPER fast. I really like this app and my number, but Idk if I can keep it installed.	bug report
Weird, annoying, average. Also, prone to hacking.	irrelevant information
This is a great app but it loads slowly	bug report
Won't let me find the group chat I'm looking for	bug report
discord won't let me post images, you'e beasically ruined something that wasn't broken	bug report
This signal very works and fit to purpose.. Easy to use. Still using up to now..	irrelevant information
I would like it more if I got my texts 🙄🤷🏽‍♀️. What can I do to get them?	feature request
Drop SMS support was a huge mistake.	feature request
Please revert to the old format, the new format is more time consuming, confusing, and just more uncomfortable to work with overall In addition, new bugs pop up everytime there is a change in layout or mechanics, making this much more annoying that it initially is	feature request
Very good quality, not able to do MMS messages	bug report
I've used this for quite a while now, and I am quite disappointed in what it has become. The new layout is extremely confusing for people who were used to the old layout. I don't like how laggy screenshare (on PC) is, as it becomes hard to see what the other person is doing. Calls are tedious to set up. Finally, I dislike how you've got to have Skype Credit to call abroad, when you can do it in other applications for free.  I would recommend using Discord instead, as it's really easy to join group chats or servers, talk through Direct Messages, call others and screenshare! It may be specified as for gamers, but anyone can use it anyway!	feature request
Great so far, one of the best & most effective learning platforms. still getting a hang of things and would love the team to update security measures when it coming to meeting people on servers	feature request
A great way to keep in contact with groups. How do I format a group for this summer?	feature request
It won't let me get a number it keeps saying no numbers available please fix that	bug report
1/2 the screen is ads. Just going to use the adfree/for free Google hangout dialer	bug report
When I am trying to set my age my age doesn't set developers please fix display I am not available to create my account because of the age when I was trying to put my age but the when I was back then my age is gone developers please fix that	bug report
Don't work at all	bug report
It sucks... U cannot reset your password.. very un user friendly	bug report
Multiple photo posting, ability to erase messaged instead of just hiding them, and maybe a listing of contacts using the app instead of having to look for them.	feature request
Works fine for texting.	irrelevant information
Everything is going great so far.	irrelevant information
What the hell is this new UI update?!	feature request
Its an ok i guess i think its fine as long as u can call and txt its appriciatibull so its better than nothing !!!☺👌👌👌✌	irrelevant information
I hate the new update, it was completely unnecessary and it's hard to hind things	feature request
It's always nice to download an app instead of just using a browser, that you already have, that you don't have to give extra permission to, that doesn't take extra space, that isn't clogged with a bunch of bots. But why make anything easy like a WIKI or something.	irrelevant information
scrolling is very gittery	bug report
Please add search option to search messages within the chat. 🥺	feature request
Wort, wort, wort	irrelevant information
Very happy with this one. It's private for me and my peeps. No one else. Love it. Haven't had a problem yet!	irrelevant information
Customer service just sucks. They don't have a 1800 number and take forever to get back to emails.	irrelevant information
The constant unlinking with the desktop version drives me mad as every time it happens you lose conversations or parts of them. So annoying.	bug report
I was trying to redeem a code, but it doesn't have the option to redeem it (for nitro) can you please put back that option and not only for PC?	feature request
The most recent ui update has made everything significantly worse, lags super often. What an awful update	bug report
continually hangs up the phone continues to move slow and freeze and it takes a very long time just to get back inside the app so I go to call somebody again please make improvements	bug report
New UI was the final nail to the coffin, discord on phone is extremely horrible, bloat it more and make it heavier than discord on PC, average corporation getting big experience	feature request
It shut off in middle of conversations for some reason	bug report
wish you I was able to pin something	feature request
It's a wonderful app I like download more and more This app is direct compitit with wts app	irrelevant information
I like to use the app for privacy. Unfortunately the SMS function has been removed this was a big bonus for me.	feature request
Some things won't use it	irrelevant information
So far so good. I guess everything could always get a little better	irrelevant information
Its so cool to have this app the connection is poor	irrelevant information
I very good ad are not bad so I like it thanks for making it	irrelevant information
Totally useless. 3 times I tried to make call and 3 times it cut after 5/6mn randomly just like that. Calls with wait times, so I cant even do what I need to do because it shut around 2mn after someone take my call!	bug report
Overrall a great app. I will like it to have an option to delete group when a semester is over. I am able to remove members but not able to delete groups. I hope the creators can come up with an option.	feature request
I wish it was easier to add friends	feature request
Disappointed I can't receive my text from certain numbers. It's showing notifications but I do not see the messages under the person's name. They are not blocked on the app. The cache is cleared. The app is updated. It was working fine until today.	bug report
Did you know they give your complete phone history to the police without a warrant? And are easily hacked.	irrelevant information
why are yall trying to make me pay to get verification codes? this has never been a problem before so why make an issue? I'm not paying when this has never been an issue, this is honestly a rip off, I have been using this app of several years now and this has never happened and you can't tell me that it's just an update and that it is needed and all this other stuff, it is ridiculous. have a nice day	bug report
Perfect application for online classes,, I got most of the help by using this. But here is a little problem which I am facing that it takes more and more time to send the video to the group or recipient.. Thanks A Lot to the DEVELOPERS OF THIS APPLICATION ..	feature request
Apps sucks, not getting txt & call notifications unless app is open on screen. Really a pointless application, cause customer service or feedback just going to say " sorry your having problems we recommend YOU update the app and make sure all permission are on. Yup & yupp.........mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm APP STILL SUCKS!!!!!!!	bug report
The new mobile UI is ok. But the switch was uneeded.	feature request
IT WAS GREAT UNTIL IT WASN'T... Signal is getting rid of SMS and MMS support. Not cool. Looking elsewhere.	feature request
after 30 days and I can't seem to get it back	bug report
Fwd of calls when not requested	bug report
Used to work, it loses too many post and became very unreliable	bug report
Good experience all quality same like what's app but I trust this app	irrelevant information
It's very good but sometimes my calls drop and I can't hear the other person or they can't hear me but other than that the texting and everything else	bug report
I'm always using Skype at my work.. But now a days the Skype had a problem it's too slow to open and connecting to call.. I already update but still slow. Can you fixed this please thank you	bug report
Suddenly recipient doesn't receive messages until I send a photo or an emoji. Android to iPhone seems to be the problem. Obv apple has a track record of these sorts of problems but it's become obscene.	bug report
New ui is horrible to use update they made another horrible change when you want to send images a unnecessary menu pops up	feature request
It isn't as good as it once was. Its slow. Alerts are inconsistent. I wouldn't recommend.	bug report
I have this app on my SAMSUNG TABLET APPARENTLY I CANNOT INSTALL THE APP BECAUSE IT DOESNT SUPPORT MY TABLET ANYMORE , PLEASE FIX ASAP	bug report
messages have been deleted, no one appears online, and I can't send or	bug report
The original version was way better. This version is laggy, slow and worst thing is... If I try to add someone from one chat room to another, they can never be found in my contacts list. Need to address these problems on droid.	bug report
My key board is broken and the screen won't flip	bug report
Please for all that's holy change the damn UI back	feature request
I like it very much, it makes me feel as tho I am recovering a personal message, even in a group 🙂	irrelevant information
This app used to be less laggy a few months before but ever since the last few updates it had been really clanky and crashes when I use slash commands, It has become harder to type too.	bug report
It's very easy to use love it you should try it out keep up the good job with this amp...✌️	irrelevant information
Would rate higher, but I don't wanna pay just to get a damn verification code. Deleting	bug report
GroupMe is an excellent application for remaining in touch with individuals that matter many. It's complimentary, very easy to utilize, and maintains you gotten in touch with your buddies regardless of where they are.	irrelevant information
Excellent App.. Thankyou ❤ God bless..	irrelevant information
I much preferred it when you could write an actual status and it would stay there for ages instead of having highlights, and I also preferred it when you could choose whether you were invisible or away or online because it meant that I could choose how my friends saw me online. I just think the best features have been taken away in an attempt to become more cool and modern.	feature request
A nice app for video conferences for schools as well as offices. few problems faced while using this app was that during a video conference you can be removed or muted by any other participant without knowing who has done it. During my online classes as well as other participants including the teacher was remove numerous times and we failed to discover who was the culprit.	bug report
Put The HD Cam Auto Zoom by itself and Flash on by Auto.	feature request
Fix problem I don't want be stuck on my tag name forever please fix it	bug report
The app was not that great before, but the new version is in some ways worse. ***Not intuitive and not user friendly*** Why do some calls show up under Chats and others under Calls??? It is irritating when wanting to call a previously dialled number. Try editing a number you called. I haven't found a solution yet. Not happy with the app. Call quality is good though.	bug report
3/15/22: App does not refresh; still see the notification alert that I have new message even though I've read them. 2/7/23: App still does not refresh as stated last year.	bug report
Very good, works extremely well had no problems & it's easy to use with lots of good features, very happy with it, wish I'd discovered it a long time ago	irrelevant information
When I try to log in it tells me my email doesn't have an account. When I try to create an account it tells me my email already has an account. And the "forgot password" link is useless. Not sure they know what they're doing	bug report
It is good but laggy sometimes.	bug report
I can't even change my name on there it is not letting me i tried to but it would not work its annoying	bug report
It's given me a lot of problem but be so good to me for many more years	bug report
I like this app but I after the first day of using the app I texted someone but they couldn't see it	bug report
i have have updated the app and it shows me only + sign on the phone number please fix it if it gets fixed it is worth to give you 5 star	bug report
When it's working, which is most of the time, it's a really cool app. I had conversations disappear on me before. And notifications stopped popping up as they're supposed to.	bug report
i was facing one problem.sometimes my voice wasnt able to hear by my friends.fix it as soon as possible	bug report
With the past two versions, I developed a peculiar challenge: Skype doesn't seem to recognize my Bluetooth microphones (tested with a Plantronics BackBeat FIT and with my car's hands-free system). It does eventually work--after uninstalling and reinstalling Skype. Pretty painful, if you ask me. [UPDATE 7/8/2019] After months of no Bluetooth issues, some are back. Specifically, in my car, I cannot use Skype via Bluetooth anymore. The app attempts a "media" connection as opposed to a "phone."	bug report
To many ads pop up	bug report
For some reason I'm not able to change my profile picture	bug report
Great app foe what we need!	irrelevant information
You're removing SMS support? I'm removing my account.	feature request
it's free,, don't have to Buy a phone data card just to book an appointment once in a while 😄	irrelevant information
It's good👍🏽. I recommend	irrelevant information
Loved the speech texting but I would love to also hand text can I please have that back	feature request
Great coaches and kids	irrelevant information
I cannot login to my account on my android phone. It keeps telling me 'login error, logout and try again'.	bug report
I use this app a lot, its great but recently its been buggy. When i send a message it will not send it, then when i close down the app and reopen it the message didnt send and I would loose all messages from previous group chats. To fix this i have to uninstall and reinstall it but even then sometimes it works	bug report
Super easy convienet and a real life saver!	irrelevant information
Easy learning curve. Just as capable as "named rivals". Almost a clone in fact.	irrelevant information
So this app works but don't for all apps	bug report
The best part is, it is open source.	irrelevant information
Wont let enter to text so i uninstalled it	bug report
Sorry Didn't work for me	bug report
This app was amazing until it just started to say connecting... whenever I opened it. I tried logging out and logging back in ,but it locked me out so I tried resetting my password but the link I would get via E-mail would not work. It's not an Internet problem I've used multiple different problems and it's not my phone I used different devices.	bug report
Good app but I don't get notifications for new message and calls	bug report
Hangs at Signing in to Skype, please wait	bug report
Why the app cant verify my account im trying to open account but not open why??	bug report
I'm giving it a 3 star only because it doesn't allow you to delete messages it only lets you archive or mute them.	feature request
This app keeps crashing, kicking me out when I am still talking I'm a voice channel. Additionally, the support for landscape video streaming on the phone has somehow gotten worse. I constantly look if there is an update but I guess not	bug report
i cant make a account it wont let me	bug report
Need to imporve sync and sending images and videos from mobile is not working	feature request
It the best I've used so far	irrelevant information
Does what it's supposed to. You can make calls and text on wifi. But ads are massive and while you're typing out texts, the ads pop up randomly so you're essentially forced to click on them. Super annoying.	bug report
Since the update it crashes. Can't use it at all	bug report
App is fun to use.	irrelevant information
Keeps ringing even if I already answered on another device. Also the notification doesn't disappear without force-stopping the app.	bug report
Tex's not going through, can you tell me why or something! Calls are not going through either!	bug report
Texting is good but you don't always get notified when someone messages you. calling someone using this app isnt good.	bug report
It's good but the msg gets stuck when your msg becomes more with someone	bug report
Good so happy	irrelevant information
It's a great way to reach out	irrelevant information
I believe this app should not have ads what if someone was ever needed to tell something to someone important and they cant due to add and why cant you get off the app and not stay on the call with them ALSO the texting is a huge struggle unless u get that PREMIUM which is horrible I wish it was the same as way back then when I had it 😔😔😔	feature request
It's great when working properly. Messages rarely give you notifications, so you're always late in replying.	bug report
connecting........................	feature request
No matter which channel i click on, I only see the messages from the first channel i opened. So frustrating. Had to completely close and reopen the app 3 times before it showed the correct messages in each channel.	bug report
Just a good app for work gaming and more!	irrelevant information
Was excited for a secure app, but after installing it wasn't finding my contacts. I allowed acces when asked. Never had this with any other messaging app. Uninstalling	bug report
Normally this app is a 5/5 stars however I've had to change my rating because of the new layout for mobel iy sucks and is so frustrating to navigate. I don't understand why the changed it when the original works so well.	feature request
App buggy. Uploading a few second video jumps to multiple of 10. Please fix	bug report
This app used to be good. They Charge you 6.99 for every week, which is silly. You can get a 19.99 plan with unlimited internet. They are greedy and not even a real phone service.	irrelevant information
Its not downloading 🙄	bug report
Thanks for this app! Though it is an extremely heavy on loading. Takes very	bug report
Pain to sign in.	bug report
The app continously fails as soon as it opens. It sends 1 of every 10 messages	bug report
I downloaded the app but it's not letting me sign up! It keep saying it's sending the code to my phone but it's not sending 🙄.... I've deleted, then redownloaded and it's doing same ... What's really going on with this App?!	bug report
I deleted your app because our religious book is insulted in your country Shame on your whole country #BoycottSweden	irrelevant information
Tried creating a new account but failed and tried again now I can't use my email says already in use please help	bug report
Worst app ever cannot connect to the customer support chat agent when there is an issue. I've tried to contact the support for 30 mins and everytime it says cannot establish chat. What is the use when we cannot contact the support. Worst service by all means	bug report
This app sucks. You have to pay 9.99 a month for unlimited texts. What happened to (Text Free)? Not Free!	bug report
Good messaging app, doesn't like calls though. I'm trying to use the playstation call system through discord and it keeps cutting me out mid sentence. This issue needs fixed but other than that it's a pretty good app	bug report
I have never had a problem getting through to who ever I am leaving a message to or call	irrelevant information
Boycott your products because your citizens burn the Holy Quran	irrelevant information
Skype is very good on call and video call 😊	irrelevant information
It's good for what it is. Channels to help, channels to vent. Places for gamers to quilter to share ideas and help out. It's more and more becoming THE go-to place for Developers of any kind to talk to the community about their IP too. Over all it's good...but. it has its drawbacks. Not heavy channels can wreak havoc in. Some channels overuse bots and there are no live people so watch out.	irrelevant information
I love group me , but been having a lot of issues where I cannot post in my groups or dont get notifications for new messages even though all the settings are correct .	bug report
Share screen on phone is a not working 😐	bug report
The only problem that I see is that the phone overheats when in call.	bug report
Hello there, the apps good but I'm facing a problem currently, so I tried nitro free trial and had received a message two days ago that I'd be auto charged the money so I canceled it at that time but I was still charged 850 today. What do I do? Had to tell from this account as I had changed my Gmail but the subscription cancelation still had been done from here	bug report
Discord used to be decent but now it's just broken	bug report
When hackers attack this app has the user back	bug report
It is personal because this Sweden government and the people of Sweden disrespect the holy Qur'an by burning the book of allah for gaining some attention and it is unacceptable and we will not tolerate it anymore.	irrelevant information
Features lost. When installed, cannot import sms messages from Google.	bug report
The video player is garbage.	bug report
Current version is broken. App crashes or force closes every time I tap the paper clip to share a picture in every single chat. Clearing cache and data doesn't fix the issue, neither does uninstalling and reinstalling the app.	bug report
It's been fairly easy	irrelevant information
Started off good then went downhill. I get that I have to watch videos for a whole 1 minute to be added to my time 🙄 but half the time you don't get the minutes for watching the videos. I just watched 3 in a row and received no minutes. The text delay is insane. People won't receive my texts until the next day, pics are near impossible to send and receive, and I'm on a strong internet connection. Based on this I'm not paying b/c there's no guarantee it'll be better just b/c you pay.	bug report
Getting Worst and Worst Message delays are too much	bug report
The old app was 5 stars but after this update it sucks my texts are not sending out	bug report
I got used to the new layout and it's pretty good	irrelevant information
I really need some answers?? WHY CANT I GET PHONE CALLS?? WHEN I GO TO MY CONTACTS, IT SHOWS A RED CICLE WITH A LINE THROUGH IT??? WHERE THE TEXTNOW SHOWS BESIDE EACH NAME, I CANT GET IT WORKING.... PLEASE 🙏 SOMEONE LET ME KNOW??? PLEASE MESSAGE ME ON MY FB MESSENGER, IM UNDER Rockand Franny It's a blk/white pic.of me and my husband and little boy in the background...	bug report
Use to be a great gaming chat app but the recent update changed every function to a different spot. Small cosmetic changes are fine from time to time but when every function in the app changes to do something else, terrible decision	feature request
"reserve" it.	irrelevant information
Sound is very clear..	irrelevant information
not receiving messages when they are sent	bug report
Pretty good except for the fact that you cant join servers there isnt a discover option	bug report
keeps telling me i have a call in progress, hang up and try again...for hours. tried restarting my phone, force closing the app, etc but it just keeps saying the same thing.	bug report
Loved it but hard to download some times	bug report
Video and audio call is worst always reconnecting..not clear voice..	bug report
Got the message	irrelevant information
Good I guess it worked for me	irrelevant information
Pretty solid platform for managing a community. I am enjoying the app!	irrelevant information
It works. And it's free. Ads aren't too imposing	irrelevant information
Great app, great service, could be a bit less Kathy but very good overall	irrelevant information
It's not what you expect	irrelevant information
No it is not real	irrelevant information
Love TextNow, the ads after every phone call, not so much.	irrelevant information
Hey discord, the app went from 4.6 stars to 3.3 in less than a month. Do you think that's good? I'm assuming you're trying to make the app more profitable with the latest update, and I get that, but you've obviously made some mistakes and instead of fixing them you are tripling down and not changing or fixing stuff you've OBVIOUSLY broken. Do you really think making the product harder to use and then ignoring a torent of negative feedback is going to net you more customers? Such an own-goal...	bug report
Some text I entered are not showing in latest app. Last few words are not showing.When looked in my PC app,these are showing. Guessing the bug is introduced recently. Earlier not remembering seeing this problem	bug report
It wont let you use your current phone number if you pay per text message than you cna't use your phone number	bug report
unfortunately I constantly have to download this app and undownload the app it keeps saying call rejected for calls all the time., 🤬	bug report
Worst video calling app ever, not even taking Microsoft id	bug report
What happened to the dark theme???	feature request
New UI is too much. It completely makes everything complicated now. Can't even switch it back to old UI since that feature was taken out...	feature request
It's an amazing app if u have friends without a phone or if you don't have unlimited texting. The only problem is that it crashed and deleted everything twice in a row.	bug report
Most of the time, when I get a text, I don't get a notification for it until I open the app again. I don't always know when someone texts me because of this...I would rate it 5 stars but this is a big inconvenience. And update would help!!	bug report
Not only was i constantly hounded to "call or text friends and family" in my notifications, but they took the number away from me after only having it for a week. I didnt have access to the internet at the time and thought it was annoying they did that so soon.	bug report
Ur notifications are stipid annoying	bug report
I enjoy the ability to contact friends but I wish the application would allow more time for revcorded videos	feature request
Doesn't work; links sent to me to join groups have never functioned.	bug report
This App sucks. Always freezing	bug report
I use it for group chat between all employees since we are not all stationed in the same place. it is great for us all to communicate about our daily activities without bombarding my text messages. you can add and remove people as needed and mute it when not working. I also use it for group chats between friends.	feature request
Does not sync conversations across instances, eg I can't start a text	bug report
After the app was completely unuseable between version 126.21 and 206.16, the UI update made it run smoothly again and fixed the major alignment and navigation issues. I'm managing to get used to the changes and don't mind most of them. 4 stars instead of 5 as the removal of the right swipe is cumbersome in use and as the previous version was inexcusably bad.	feature request
I love that we can communicate as a group on a platform that does not clutter my messaging app.	irrelevant information
what a horrible update, Ive been trying my best to get used to the new ui but it's just so BAD. please fix this hot garbage Discord	feature request
I wish you could use the account switcher from PC on mobile but other than than small thing, fantastic app	feature request
it worked before but then when i created a new acc it wouldnt let me it would say "error" so i waited a month and still didnt work and when it did and i put in the area code (US) it wouldnt work it would say "sorry there are no numbers" there was this one time when i was trying all of the codes but none worked so i just gave up please fix this if you can please and thank you.	bug report
Ease of use and excellent functionality.	irrelevant information
Don't know what to say but good app	irrelevant information
worked once now crashes every time i start it	bug report
most of the time I can make connection.	bug report
see the screen in a tiny window anymore whenever I go out of the app to	feature request
Love Skype we use it at home and in traveling especially	irrelevant information
I can't reset the ringtone. Great video when I do catch a call.	bug report
Some issues with earphone, earphone connected but still can't detect	bug report
works good to have another number if you need it	irrelevant information
The new update has made it significantly slower to use and removed features. Now you have to use the filter menu instead of just typing them in, you can't directly switch between messages and servers without first clicking the button for them instead of just swiping (doesn't do anything now, wasted use of an easier action), it doesn't preserve where you were last looking as well in servers or messages, And I have no way of telling why it skips where it does in a channel. F * * * discord.	feature request
Great for reconnecting!	irrelevant information
I find PM hard to use and wish that I could just post first names when using @Name (small issue).	feature request
UI has some bugs and you are not allowed to receive verifications to somehow prevent fraud. By that logic, let's not allow anyone to do anything to prevent the potential for fraud. Choosing security over freedom will render neither.	bug report
Don't know how secure it is but I'm enjoying almost every feature I needed. But it should not show when a message is deleted.	feature request
App UI is great but notifications are not working ( when receiving IM), also there are sync issues between mobile and desktop App	bug report
Great but they expect u to pay for getting text on the app	feature request
Ok the update sucks at this point i can't even stream anymore even with my very strong wifi connection it won't work fix this already discordd	bug report
Switching from wifi to data does the temporary fix. But when you connect to another voice channel the problem starts again. I can't always run my data just to fix this. Edit: i found a fix. Turn off and on the wifi ehile on the vc	bug report
interface was far better than this new one	feature request
It can be glitchy especially when it comes to images or media. The notifications won't always send the message so you have to go into the app to respond. I really dislike that the notification for calls doesn't always go through so I always miss calls when I'm on mobile. I either don't get a notification or it vibrates for like 2 seconds.	bug report
Another app, and I really like it, but how do I use my text sound? Sorry, but I do NOT like the TextNow default sound!!!	feature request
Use to be good, now garbage, can't send video even 50mb Fix your app otherwise I will delete I do have 100mb per seconds internet still not working your app nicely	bug report
Very Reliable and Great!!	irrelevant information
I need few things to be introduced on Signal. 1. If I am choosing my bit for privacy by not choosing to share my contacts with Signal, there should be a way to share my user profile to start a chat by just sharing my profile via a link. 2. Multi-device chat feature without having to let my phone stay connected to the internet. 3. Also, file transfers in original quality. 4. And, file transfer size limit of atleast 1 GB.	feature request
Why does it say I have unread messages when I don't???	bug report
I love this app, but removing sms support is a deal breaker	feature request
Have used the app for years now, and the recent UI changes are probably the worst thing they've done to the app so far. It just isn't user friendly and way too cluttered.	feature request
It so nice using this app	irrelevant information
Awesome app for staying connected with a team	irrelevant information
I cant create accnt. It crashes	bug report
Tried installing and running apps to earn minutes and never received them. Did that like 3 times and wasted 10 min could have just watched the videos n doubled that. Finally got enough min to make a call and they couldnt hear me. Whenever ive called my bf from a real # to his pinger theres been an insane echo and lag. I didnt pay my bill so my phone got shutoff this is my last resort. Sucks.	bug report
Good app... improved over time	irrelevant information
App doesn't open. Requires complete restart of app before it loads.	bug report
it ok because you need WiFi to get on it and if your now on WiFi you can do nothing	irrelevant information
The call is very clear, not choppy at all. But after  3 to 4 minutes, the other person can't hear me but i can hear them...it's pretty  frustrating	bug report
it just continually closes but every thing else is fine	bug report
Can be bright and beautiful ❤️ but sometimes not so youthful! Please understand that I gotta say it's no "mint" service ❤️😑🤔🤨🥺🤐😲😳🤯😬😣😵🤤🌝🥴🤠🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑😎😎😎😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🍒🍒🍒🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘💖💖💖💖💖💖	irrelevant information
doesnt always notify me that someone is calling or given me chance to even answer. last update now doesnt come up that anyone has rung at all or even ring. please fix update	bug report
Phone calling needs to be fixed...	bug report
Elated excited Andi do a Excellent jod	irrelevant information
Font's Weird.	bug report
Really laggy and bad quality	bug report
I use Discord all the time, usually the desktop version. The new mobile update is the worst update I've personally experienced. It is just less functional than it was before. Searches were already bad on mobile, now you can't search an entire server, only each channel. I've canceled my Nitro because I simply refuse to support this garbage.	feature request
Really nice	irrelevant information
Picture quality is poor other than that it works good	bug report
The moment I registered my phone number I have to take FOREVER to receive the PIN number. Sorry man, but I can't access the app without PIN codes.	bug report
Wt , Signal. Dropping SMS support like this. Do you want people to not use your app?	bug report
Great App until you try to have two in the same room and it won't allow you to silence the audio output on either phone. This seems like a fairly essential fix given the number of complaints surrounding this issue. When it's just one device, this App provides everything I've needed.	bug report
Clunky UI, retrograde step from how mobile used to be. Random performance issues, it's almost like the developers don't want people using the mobile app.	feature request
As of late even after the most recent "update" I'm still getting random connecting at the top. Yes it's the current update but nonetheless very frustrating...having to close out the app and losing anything I started typing.	bug report
I don't know if my texts are going through, because I never get a reply. And you CANNOT make phone calls with this app. There is ALWAYS some "check network" B.S.  when I try to make a call. I won't buy an app if the free version doesn't work	bug report
Great app. Needs scheduled-send feature for messages. Would give 5-star if they had it.	feature request
>:( All the one star reviews are accurate.	irrelevant information
Misleading and to charge fee	irrelevant information
Where are notifications darn it	bug report
It worked for the time being till I hed got a new number	bug report
I don't get notifications for some of the messages I receive. I have missed entire conversations from some of the groups I am a part of because the app does not let me know when they are happening. A couple of days later, the app goes back to normal, maybe for a day or two. And then it goes right back to malfunctioning. If I didn't have to use this for work I would have permanently uninstalled it a long time ago.	bug report
Im still waiting on my order or money back	irrelevant information
can't post	bug report
I love the app, but the translation part of the app doesn't work or maybe they need to have instructions on how to use it for dumbs that are slow like me. The instructions to me are not that clear. If someone could call me or if they had a contact number easily visible; I would give it a 5 star.	feature request
My phone hasn't worked right since I got text now I should have known 499 a year was too good to be true every time I leave my house in my Wi-Fi my mobile hotspot does not work I can't get a phone call when I leave the house I can't text I can't do nothing until I get back home now I'm going to get a new phone service text now ain't about nothing.	bug report
Where are the emojis? Is it an update? Because it says it doesnt need an update. They arent in settings. WHERE ARE THE EMOJIS?!?!? It says it has emojis but they are not there. PLEASE PLEASE help!	bug report
I have used this app since I got my first smartphone, for the security and privacy standards that were above the other options. Now they are throwing the baby out with the bathwater. I need one messaging app that will handle all my friends, family and business contacts in one place. They're making Signal useless now.	feature request
It was great when I first installed it un June... now its very slow. Messages wont even come through sometimes. I've had to reinstall this app 3x and it still does the same thing.	bug report
Need to better integrate the phone contact with the app phone dialer	feature request
It is very havey that is not good for small storage phone	bug report
Every time i send a message to peaple they never get it and it is not their phones its this stupid app	bug report
Slow and sucks	bug report
l like "Group Me" because you can text ono on one, or in a group, watch videos	irrelevant information
Sending of photos is very slow and time consuming, it's frustrating	bug report
The text part of it works perfectly fine but in order to have it function completely there's a subscription fee which is reasonable. But on the other hand it's kind of shady that they have a separate charge to remove the ads. When you pay for that premium service it's implied that you get premium and that there won't be other premium add-ons so. That's why I only get two stars it's unethical fix it.	feature request
This app is pretty easy and fun in usage but in the last update it have been really glitchy and i lost capability of pinging people while having photos in the message	bug report
This app used to work well before, the call quality was ok, the ads were reasonable, but now it doesn't work. The call quality is very poor and the audio is choppy, and the person I call cannot hear me. Also, when I hang up, it boots me out of the app and says that I am still on the line from the notification bar. Please fix this. Edit: Yes I am on the latest version.	bug report
I really like this application but sometimes i dont know why they cant receive my text ..please fix this	bug report
Real Brand New To This So I'm Still Trying To Navigate Myself Around This App	irrelevant information
Recent update on android makes it impossible to navigate... its rather irritating	bug report
Very easy to use. Having a free number is also convinient. Only problem is phone calls are choppy	bug report
it's pretty good service I wish I could use it outside of Wi-Fi though that would help but it is what it is until I get a phone that I can have Wi-Fi	feature request
I can't buy nitro for some weird reason	bug report
I used to find this app useful but now the required updates are so ridiculously frequent that I miss more important phone calls than I recieve its beyond frustrating. And after every update my textnow app doesn't work Any better-its just a means to take up more of my phones memory. ITS RIDICULOUS.	bug report
It works most of the time but not always. Recently it has just died several times in a row without any input from me.	bug report
Unstable and clunky	bug report
Past 1 month app is not working properly if u send text msg now it show after 1hr or 2hrs y it's so both the side issue even opp person text msg not seen immediately wats the problem in it y its being on rolling wen I sent text msg	bug report
Ngl I prefer the older version. The newer version just feels weird and is harder to use and some videos can't be watched for me.	feature request
I love this app but it has one major issue that I don't like. It would be awesome if it had a delete feature. When starting new groups, it is usually the reason I opt for something different that allows deleting.	feature request
Nice app for gaming talk without number	irrelevant information
When someone called I didn't receive the call and it said "I missed a call" . So I don't know what's wrong with it , and my messages don't send .	bug report
For years I have been using Signal with nothing but pleasure. It has occasional connection issues, but overall works pretty solid. To me it seems to be the best alternative to all those personal data greedy super powers. Until recently, where I was forced to switch to a new phone and phone number after my previous broke. Suddenly some of my contacts don't receive my messages or calls anymore. I reported this to Signal a while ago but did not receive any reply. I'm very disappointed after this	bug report
I randomly got 6,034 minutes and I didn't even do anything and then the phone quality went down	bug report
Sms support is being removed. Uninstalled.	feature request
Would be a 5 star rating but it does not allow me to hangup after a call.	bug report
Screen wont go back to full screen on mobile and the audio cuts in and out	bug report
nice app but notification problam 😒	bug report
This version has a few glitches. Unless the app is open, I don't receive any sound notifications for messages or calls. Setting options are poor, not that impressed with the user"friendliness".	bug report
It's OK but .. I seen better	irrelevant information
Def a solid app. I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't have service on there phone. 100% Solid in my opinion. If you don't have it you should definitely download it.	irrelevant information
Hi there. Ive recently switched devices and upon using discord for a month on here, the play store shows "recent data from similar devices show that this app may stop working on your device" and i just genuinely want to know whats going on.	bug report
Please help to service	irrelevant information
Well at first it was good but then it wouldn't let me text at all so plz fix.	bug report
I am unable to open anything in discord. Every time I try, it closes the app. Very frustrating to say the least	bug report
Edit: Way to be cute and tell me to mention this on the forums you're ignoring Discord. I already did along with many, many others. Wow discord, wow. The new layout is clunky and now I can't even get to my settings without an app crash EVERY TIME. I get stuck in a server channel and even if I completely change which server I'm looking at it's still there. Channels open as read only immediately and stay that way for several seconds. Terrible, and I have nitro too, I paid for this garbage update.	bug report
It's great for the security and privacy it says	irrelevant information
I would like to be able to delete messages with out having to clear all the messages. Also I would like to be able to DELETE unused groups from the app.	feature request
This app is great! It has made group communication so much more efficient!	irrelevant information
For some time after launching the app the messages are taking ages to load and this is not the case on PC. Please fix.	bug report
This app is great until I stop getting my notifications for the last month.	bug report
Very bad I will never use this app again	bug report
Bought a number for a year, it said something went wrong and didn't give me the number but still charged my account. Now it wants me to pick another number. Keeps glitching bad as well.	bug report
Calls never connect	bug report
could do other things while being on skype, yet now it breaks so easily.	bug report
Sometimes it doesn't load anything. Just grey empty chat rooms	bug report
TextNow should make it to were if you were trying to go without WiFi they should make it able to use any phone service instead of one	feature request
Too bad! I can't down load new version to using in continue	bug report
new ui is awful and unintuitive, almost objectively worse than previous versions in my eyes. several bugs have been introduced over the past 2 years as discord adds more useless features and updates nitro rather than their actual app. one such bug involves the app failing to send me certain notifications, an absolutely critical feature of any texting app, occasionally just failing for no apparent reason	bug report
Fast and friendly	irrelevant information
Fun, fast and easy!	irrelevant information
Works but old..	irrelevant information
Honestly overall garbage app , I had the same phone number for 2 years nearly and had to lock in initatied that I paid monthly or yearly for , then they updated the app and made me have to pay weekly and I lost track just one extra day and lost my long time phone number, had to remove it from all my accounts etc left a couple that's not important , better off finding the newer apps that don't steal your number like that , either way good luck with your methods and godspeed y'all .	bug report
You pay for nitro so they can make Discord a better experience and they make swiping left reply to a message and hide the server members in the search button at the top right. It's unintuitive as opposed to what was perfectly intuitive considering on PC, server members are on the right of the chat window. So it makes sense that swiping left would show server members like swiping right shows your servers. It's an unnecessary and absolutely brainless change.	feature request
No U2F security dongle use. Not as secure as they say.	bug report
cool app. consistently terrible dev decisions edit: you know what you did. nft support / username changes / mobile UI. stop	feature request
Horrible it's trash and it's bad don't recommend	irrelevant information
Its a good app for chatting but there is a lagging and stop working and delivering msg around 12:00 AM. Most of days. App also uses more data for calling compared to other apps...... Sometimes message notification doesn't pop up on time... Please work on it and give stable update.....	bug report
Downloaded and updated easily. Try it out!	irrelevant information
Very seamless everything work together, Pictures are great... Just absolutely wonderful..	irrelevant information
I cannot easily chat and do things in my mobile app.	feature request
I have great experience in using discord until recently, when somehow I can no longer use the in-app browser even tho I already set it	bug report
This app can be a lifesaver if your stranded with no time left on your plan. THANK YOU TEXTNOW	irrelevant information
This app is lacking the ability to edit sent messages. The app is also	feature request
Had very pleasent experience / works well & does its job.	irrelevant information
I like everything so far about this app except for when I have my group chats for work, my coworkers send images or gifs and im not able to view them unless i uninstall then re-install the app. If the app can fix that, it would be a great feature.	feature request
conversation open and just shows missed call. App should have a more	feature request
Smooth running	irrelevant information
It makes my phone lag horribly	bug report
you cant delete and conversation you can only hide them there should be a delete option 💯💯	feature request
Delay when speaking	bug report
Discord was working perfectly fine on my phone, after this update it all went to hell.	bug report
not a bad app for communicating with my coworkers	irrelevant information
Works good enough now. Still need a strong wifi signal to work good. Some minor things like lag but it may be my internet.	irrelevant information
One year	irrelevant information
I think I am still having notification update issues I have everything allowed but it really does sucks that I do not get all the notifications	bug report
Good security	irrelevant information
The app is great and I use discord every day, but recently my app has started consistently crashing when I open a certain server's events page. Very annoying as I have to go to my computer if I want to check the events for that server.	bug report
It works better than it did, but I can't play audio recordings. They are stuck downloading indefinitely. But on my computer they play instantly	bug report
Man, this new UI is incredibly bad. It's way too tap-centric with everything way too spread out across different menus. A longshot from the rather intuitive design it used to have. Now there's several buttons that don't work as expected. Most actions swiping left or right are completely gone in favor of buttons that are way slower and sometimes require twice as many taps. Honestly, if I need a manual to use the app, the UI designers failed their job. Btw, damn some of those UI elements are HUGE.	feature request
For some reason discord lags on my phone my phone is a Motorola but i don't know if it's the know brand or the phone but on any other device it works perfectly so 4 stars don't get a Motorola the brand lied and said their phones have the fastest speed but my phone kicked me out of discord 20 times this month. So 3 stars	bug report
Pretty good app, tho... there are a few problems, like one review said sometimes you can not exit out of a ad, and it has quite a few ads, so sometimes I have to wait like 30 secs for the ad to end.	bug report
The App is decent, but why the unnecessary changes, the necessity for a unique username is a massive downgrade compared to what it was, revert it make.	feature request
keeps saying sending but it doesn't send I've tried everything and nothing	bug report
Please add PTT via a hardware button support, for example if you use a Xbox or other controllers, that you can bind a key for PTT.	feature request
Going to try it.	irrelevant information
Very adequate for group communications. Everything functions as it should.	irrelevant information
Discord >>> all talk and chat app fr i use 15+hr in discord and earn	irrelevant information
It will send pic but it keep saying loading I am like what is loading	bug report
reasonable, functional app.	irrelevant information
calls keep dropping. there's no option in settings to set calls on excellent? How do you set to excellent in settings? There's no option. I can't send you my contacts numbers. They would not like that. Please fix the problem.	bug report
My main after Telegram and before Session.	irrelevant information
App is slow AF and buggy. I try to send an image in a chat and hit the send button and nothing happens. It freezes up. I FC and re open but no dice. Eventually it will just work.	bug report
Time to revamp the icon...Material design also on Android	feature request
Solid app. Hate the new layout tho	feature request
The app uses a lot of ram in the background so I cannot play some games with discord running in the background. Can u please optimise the app so it uses less ram.	feature request
Is it real calls and texts?	irrelevant information
A recent update removed the ability to easily Bluetooth connect with new friends via the discord mobile app. If the feature still exists it's buried and impossible to find I have spent hours looking. Until it comes back and is easy to find this app is terrible for connecting with people on the go which is what I use it for.	feature request
cant reinstall on my s22	bug report
good way of connecting someone inneed.	irrelevant information
Dear Signal team, I would like to receive nicknames on the app so it will je much more fun with friends. Put nicknames and I will give you 5 poang. All the best, Issey P	feature request
I loved the app but now it's messing up n I'm tired of it. It won't even ring. It keep messing up m I'm getting pissed off.	bug report
Great but get the ads	irrelevant information
works well consistently	irrelevant information
So so works sometimes and sometimes it wont	bug report
my camera cuts off at random so it kinda is bothersome	bug report
Good no issues	irrelevant information
Group Me is life on a college campus but can we send videos again? Ours are all under the 30 seconds but it won't send them. Serious problem for us. Also if we could get emojis for our college that would be awesome! Still a very present app in our lives.	feature request
This app charged my card and then Iit wasn't downloaded to my tablet so I will ask for a refund, it's a scam.	bug report
Its ALL ads! A block that takes up the bottom half of the screen plus ads in the text feed. You can see about 3-7 lines of actual text conversation. And the paid version is WAY too expensive for what it is. Might be worth it if the number wasn't blocked by most verification systems.	irrelevant information
Certainly the best	irrelevant information
Fine, however, I have a problem, the app won't send SMS messages, any time I try it is just stuck in a endless "sending..." loop, while my preinstalled messaging app works fine for sending SMS. Also, the new way how holding a message works is stupid af, can't say how many times I accidentally reacted with some stupid emote	bug report
I haven't been using this app very long, but so far it's been decent, except for some reason I can not hear the notifications whenever my boyfriend or anyone else messages me unless I've already got the app open & pulled up on my phone & actually looking at it though! I've double checked & ive got all my notifications turned on & volume turned up also, it's not a issue on my(phone's settings) end though! I'm not sure if anyone else has this prob or not!? Overall I'd say it's a good app though!	bug report
its dumb bruh	irrelevant information
Very handy app for work related communication. Keeps you and your co-workers and bosses communicating in one place.	irrelevant information
Sometimes it doesn't notify me of a text and I have to constantly refresh it, if you fix that it'll decently be worth five stars	bug report
Slow, crashing, horrible for use on Samsung Galaxy. Desperately installing each new update just to see that nothing's changed.	bug report
Too early to tell	irrelevant information
Can't Transfer Account To New Phone	bug report
Too heavy, slow	bug report
The back button does not close the app. Please dear developer add an close app button or fix that bug. Plus add the option to buy the app and get rid of the ads.	bug report
Best ever really a good refresh	irrelevant information
Works great. Thanks. I like the new update	irrelevant information
Used to love using it, but the new UX is just terrible. If it has redeeming features they're buried by the needless increase in complexity to navigate and the frustration from the way it acts.	feature request
Good service but sometimes the sound is blurred or there is an echo.	bug report
Overall Auto Service dropped calls and took hours to sync my old contacts even those are backed up to Google out of all the stars I given A1 very generously	bug report
Ok.. I love your app... Thank you for your service. But you have put "Wish" adds back on, which is cool. But "Wish" has adds selling GUNS in their add. My 3 year old asked me after a call the other day,; "Dad, why do you have a gun on your phone?". So I explained advertising to him, but he didn't get it. Love you.	irrelevant information
It's okay I don't always recieve the notifications that's my only problem	bug report
Ever since the UI overhaul, videos and gifs have been incredibly slow to load. On mobile data with good reception, it took over 2 minutes to fully load a 30 second video. It was genuinely faster to download the video to my phone and watch it there, which doesn't make much sense. That seems to be what was affected the most by the UI update, but the rest of the app is slower in general.	bug report
Great! But there is ads. There is a section to take off the ads for $4.99 a month or somewhere around that. But i would strongly recommend at least downsizing a little bit on the ads. Overall a great app!	feature request
Good app but discord keeps making random groups with strangers I don't know about me and my friends got it and every minute a new group gets created please fix this this is starting to freak me out.	bug report
I use this app just about daily to stay in contact with my friends, while stationed overseas, to play games. I recently upgraded (through Google Play) to a Nitro Yearly sub. Found out that many features are lost to me when using on PC because Nitro doesn't support them with subs through Google Play. But that is really my only gripe. It's an ok phone app otherwise.	feature request
Had trouble editing the chat name. Guess its me not sure.	bug report
It's good but everytime i try to get a code it always ask me to pay and other stuff. It might be my phone but idk	bug report
It sucks. It won't give me a number to even text from and it's been saying try again later for days. Don't waste your time like I did.	bug report
started doing this. I don't know what is going on with it. I have a motor z2	bug report
Signal is the best messaging app I have ever used. It is fast, secure, and easy to use. I love that it is open source and that it is not owned by a WhatsApp creator. Signal uses end-to-end encryption to protect all of your messages, so you can be sure that your privacy is protected. The app is also very user-friendly, with a clean and simple interface. Signal is a great messaging app for anyone who values their privacy and security. I highly recommend it to everyone.	irrelevant information
This doesn't even work on my Android 11. I signed up and there was an error.	bug report
Cool chatting platform, but the new mobile update is kind of bad in my opinion.	feature request
This app worked for a while. I was able to call and text anyone but now just the texts work. When I try to make a call it says I have no signal and even after troubleshooting it still does not work.	bug report
Easy to use. Nice to have private number.	irrelevant information
Wont always hangup the call	bug report
Usually, Skype is a great app with clear video. We do run into some audio issues from time to time where the sound is faint or under water sounding. In general it has been an incredibly helpful platform connecting people with conversation , music and more.	feature request
2 years ago, I submitted what was a good review of the app experience. Now? They complete changed it. I can't even change it back, unlike the first time where the opposite was true.	feature request
Nice app lots of possibilities	irrelevant information
M using skype frequently is good till now, but sometimes bit issue with video calls.	bug report
Love the interactive aspects. Still learning how to use it best.	irrelevant information
We really did not need shorts videos on a encrypted messaging app do what you get get at very good encryption messaging don't try to be like tiktok	bug report
Amazing I just think IS THAT 🤨 A SMILE 🙂 USER 👤 IN MY 👆🧍 IA GAME! 🎮 OH HEAVENS, 😇 I WILL 📜 NOT 🙅 🚫 TOLERATE 😒 ❌ THIS! EVERYONE, 👨‍👩‍👦‍👦 TARGET 🎯 SMILE! 🙂 THEY MIGHT 🤔 MERGE! 🔁 GET SMILE! 🚁 🚔 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨 🚨	irrelevant information
So far so good, or great for that matter.	irrelevant information
The new update is harder to navigate to friends list and to see server members online	feature request
None of my texts are in order. Takes forever to load. A lot of missed texts!!!!! No refresh button! FIX IT or go back to old app THAT WORKED	bug report
Can no longer use as an Android sms app since Signal is dropping the feature. You suck signal.	bug report
It's been good since I've had it but recently it's been lagging	bug report
THIS APP IS NOT GOOD I CAN'T FIND THE RIGHT NUMBER DON'T DOWNLOAD	bug report
I cannot stress how slow and buggy Discord is on mobile, granted maybe it's my phone but then again no other app has this many issues that I am experiencing on Discord not to mention its a flagship phone so I doubt it. I don't know what's going on but there is something seriously wrong with the mobile version of Discord.	bug report
Good to phone everywhere in the world Just need to understand why the video messages sometimes doesnt go through as easy as with whatsapp for example	feature request
Unable To Received Phone Calls On My Tablet. It Goes Straight To Voicemail For The Party Calling Me... I Saw That I Am NOT The Only One Who Is Having This Problem. I Am Paying For This Service	bug report
It a very good and lovely call app	irrelevant information
Worst communication app I've used. Now finally the search within chats was implemented after years. It still doesn't work properly and old conversations are nowhere to be found.	bug report
Great, smoot and secure messenger service. Thank you Team Signal!	irrelevant information
I paid for a year and somehow got signed out and now I can't get signed back in and they offer no help or customer service.	bug report
i can't find an option to change notification sound	bug report
discord aint working when i am using my wifi since yesterday, even tho my wifi is perfectly fine as all the other applications dont have this issue. Strangely enough, it works when i use my mobile data, i dont know why is happening. Please fix it asap	bug report
After the new updates, pictures and gifs wont even load in, and i can't even type the app keeps crashing. It's considrably slower aswell, just unusable at the moment.	bug report
It was good app but then Idk what happen I can't see if my text messages are sending and when I get a message it won't pap out like I used to before	bug report
I love this app calls are clear and so are the texts.	irrelevant information
The problem is,  this version of the app doesn't have all the features my PC is expecting. I can live with that, but how the INSISTENCE on choosing a color. What if you don't prefer pastels? Or gradients? What's wrong with it plain solid color? And HAVING to go through the tutorials?  Practical matters,  such as, if I make a phone call,  NOT Skype to Skype, and I need them to call me back, what number do I leave? The answers are likely on the web site, but I'm not on the web site. I'm on the app. Also, where is my status? I don't necessarily mean a statement,  just "Available", "Busy" and so on.	feature request
On phone its horrible. Have to go into conversation and then scroll to the new message. Also the ui is terrible.	bug report
App is either a scam or people hacking system but 100% sure really weird phone calls from a area i just started working in i never did anything no calls,nothing....they just ended up calling from no where .....this app will track where u go and what u do without location on i promise u	bug report
Removing support for send/receive SMS texts is forcing me to remove it as my default messaging app. Not all of my contacts use Signal, so while I'll be able to still chat with the 5 contacts I know who use it, I am forced to use yet another app to chat with friends.	feature request
It's cool and fantastic	irrelevant information
Bad UI design. Very slow conversation update.	bug report
Is great to communicate with friends, but the connection between my phone and the servers on the app is absolutely terrible. I have to shut the app down three times before it will load up properly. I'm sad this is one of the only ways to communicate between consoles. When it's working, it's great. The booting up needs some work.	bug report
I left from my account but it doesn't let me change the password. I lost my account and now I can't even acces the server I made. lmao	bug report
Ever since the last update I won't get a notification that someone talked I'm the group.	bug report
Garbage. Cant make any calls with this app	bug report
Toatally broken, number expired from begining	bug report
Phenomenal App!	irrelevant information
Still my go-to app for gaming-related chatting, but the overhaul last month is terrible. The layout is clunky and everything takes longer to get to now. But worst of all, loading the app, entering a dm thread, or editing a message all take several seconds to load now. What used to be a speedy and streamlined experience is now just frustrating every time I use it. I really thought they would have rolled this back by now, at least until it was polished, but it's still just as poor to use as always	bug report
Features not working anymore I can no longer get the free. minutes for calls, I don't make many calls so watching a few video ads is a good way for me to get them, now I get booted out all the time, some ads do come up but then freeze till I'm again booted out, I am getting very frustrated with it	bug report
they fixed the gallery issue; now it crashes constantly. videos that are below the 8mb limit will often not send (for example, my video that was 1.3mb would not send and it told me to upgrade to nitro. im not because the app sucks). screen share audio messes up all the time.	bug report
Not happy with service at moment nothing as promised when upgrades service I mean nothing 😠😡	irrelevant information
Use it for school all the time never dissapoints	irrelevant information
I honestly thought this was an app that i could meet up with a group of like-minded people. Did not know you had to meet up with people i already know.	irrelevant information
It is a very good alternative to WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Buena plataforma para los stremears de Twitch, Facebook Gaming y kick, LOL	irrelevant information
good but when once I call I cannot hear anything while discord is open, even when it is in the background and im not currently on call	bug report
it gives other people's number to other people do not download	bug report
video & audio quality can be better..	feature request
Nice one. Very good	irrelevant information
Very convenient, allows for family/ friend communication during a difficult time.	irrelevant information
I just want to sign up and when i veryfied witm my number and they verify me and they disabled my account😭😭😭	bug report
I'm located in Australia. I can't text or call other numbers in Australia. Only works with US numbers. Deleted.	bug report
Not having a smartphone being able to use this app on my laptop you didn't have me feeling left out.	irrelevant information
Do not recommend this app at all	irrelevant information
Will not stay open when trying to open	bug report
Very good for use	irrelevant information
Why fix something if its not broken. UI design sucks. Things take longer to navigate to even after adapting to the horrible changes. Cant click messages on Android due to the app browsing overlay either.	feature request
I am not going to hold the shutter button down to keep a video going. I have an android and this ridiculous to not have this feature. Please help if I am doing something wrong	feature request
This app is nice. But I kindly need you to stop these hackers from spreading these "Free nitro" links or something.. They'll get their Accounts hacked and make things worse once they clicked the link. It's up to you to fix this.	feature request
Update broke the app. Picture messages have issues sending, app crashes randomly, search function is essentially useless now. No preview on pins and doesn't save your place on search/pins, you have to scroll through back through the whole thing, which is now one page instead of multiple. Desktop works fine, it's just the mobile app they broke.	bug report
Was pog up till this new UI update.	feature request
Extrodinarily buggy mobile app, much less stable than the desktop version. Video playback is abysmal, slow and finicky. The app sometimes gets stuck in landscape mode, causing visual bugs; channels being offset to the right too far, channel list being cut off prematurely, images being misaligned. More of a chore to use most the time. I suppose that's the average today, as people just accept the abysmal quality of mobile apps without criticism. Do better please, have more pride as a programmer.	bug report
It's still buggy but it's way better than Zoom	bug report
I hope the UI becomes more user friendly in future.	feature request
Keeps spinning . It's a great app when it is working!	bug report
Great but i wish i could sent videos longer than a minuite long	feature request
DONT DOWNLOAD THE MAKE YOU PAY FOR CODES	irrelevant information
It's a good free text/call app ... Don't get me wrong .. It's one of the top 3 I use ... Texting part awesome..   I would have given  it 5 ⭐'s, ..    .. . ... .  What drop my rate? You ask ... Making or receiving calls 😤... .. .  It sucks midget donkey ba$@!# ... Unless I'm in a 5 bars WIFI area (don't exsit) drop calls , bad repseption... Sucks all the way around .. I only use it for texting.  .. I tell my friends n family just to text me & NOT I REPEAT NOT  TO CALL THAT NUMBER✌peace out	bug report
I would like to ask if this app was Wifi enabled? Because I cannot connect using my data.	feature request
It's the best app for friends!	irrelevant information
Too slow to load a single chat conversation. glitch, freezing a lot.	bug report
More spam than app! Get ready for constant temu ads that never end!!! Barely usable app due to ads	bug report
I have tried to download this app for 24 hrs off and on in different areas. It still won't download. What's up??	bug report
I've had this app for a long while now, and it's okay, but this new update is genuinely frustrating. Since I have an android phone, I can't send ANY image or video over 8MB now with this update. This seriously needs to be fixed ASAP.	feature request
There's two things I don't like about the app, you can't receive verification codes from other apps and you can't use you're number for other apps. Other than that it's an ok app	feature request
New GUI is much more difficult to use and unrefined. It feels like they're trying to fix something that was never broken. Gestures that previously worked no longer do, almost every button has moved, and many things are now hard to find, unintuitive, and unlabeled. It took me like 5 minutes to figure out where I could see the member list for a server, something that used to be accomplished with a simple swipe. Seems to be laggier as well..	feature request
App won't update / can't send anything to anyone	bug report
Is amaz because there no ad and I can tell my friends what's up	irrelevant information
Group me is a fun way to engage with employees and employers when a message is for all to read.	irrelevant information
its required very high speed internet....	irrelevant information
used to be awesome, new update unnecessarily overhauled the app and now it's aweful. video calls with other people won't let me focus on the right person. the maximize button just doesn't work. I'm stuck with half the screen being myself. not to mention it's now a battery killer. on the charger on a video call still drains the battery. the app uses battery faster than I can charge it. insane. just revert the app to its previous glory. I'm using Facebook to make video calls now.	bug report
Discord.... you guys should honestly let people fully delete their messages, not just close DM.... like it takes too much time to delete my messages only... I would rather delete the whole conversation itself...	feature request
It's an awesome way today of communicating with family and friends. The ability to attach pictures and symbols is especially nice to add to your message and comments. It's a timely system for reaching those you want to share life experiences and thoughts.	irrelevant information
I can't even use it. I signed up, sent my kids a message each and the next day it was logged out. When I tried to log in it said I was banned for violating the terms of service. I've seen people do worse on this app, and my accnt gets closed for nothing?	bug report
Need to get metro account to make a payment???	irrelevant information
I did not ask for this app	irrelevant information
Privacy but sending and receiving photos are not clear.	bug report
Does not work for apps that require a new phone.	irrelevant information
So far this app has performed the way it's supposed to	irrelevant information
I can't receive picture messages, I could only send them. Please fix this.	bug report
I bought credits to get international calls and have no recived the credits and when I click on the support there is no option to call or chat.	bug report
Quick and responsive	irrelevant information
Best large group app I have found. Very user friendly	irrelevant information
straight trash.	irrelevant information
Good it is fun to do	irrelevant information
Does not work with me	bug report
Use text now instead of phone app ... Just love it keep my mumber and everyone always has my number even if i loose or someone steals my phone...	feature request
Love this app to keep everyone updated	irrelevant information
The only problem that i have is not being able to get connection or my notifications at times but other than that its a good app	bug report
Tony come intyenn	irrelevant information
Layout of messages is difficult to read especially when a message includes YouTube or other sources. Voice and video qualities are poor.	bug report
only bad thing is you have to pay to keep your number	irrelevant information
Looks pretty but doesn't work!!!! My Skype no longer tells me when I have a new message. I use this to speak to my clients for work and it's driving me crazy. I want the old standard version that actually rely on.	bug report
Really awesome messenger!!! Feature wise it's on par if not way better than the other popular messaging apps, so it's super easy to get people to switch. Love it!!!	irrelevant information
Very good but it can be a bit glichly but good	bug report
I was enjoying discord till you changed how it looks,its so bad now and dosent feel like discord anymore, please for the love of god change it back	feature request
So slow on android!!! please do something, typing, sending messages and files could be much faster. Also on android I cant show to the group shared video :( its important for my meetings	bug report
Works well and reliably. Data transfer between devices is easy to do.	irrelevant information
New UI is a massive downgrade to the previous, being far less intuitive and accessible. Please consider this feedback and revert.	feature request
All are good, but I can't control whether the opposite person able to take screenshot or screen record. It is the key features in privacy. But it's lagging in this app. And while recording video inside app, holding and taking video was old style and not comfortable for recording also. Other than app was good.	feature request
It works some but allot of act & wanth. you for to pay upgrade	bug report
It was just fine before the update when there was the overlay when you switched to a different app. Now that that feature has been removed, I have no interest in using Skype anymore on my phone and will resort to using Messenger's video calling (despite it's overlay taking up a quarter of my screen)	feature request
it's ok but how come it doesn't have a ringtone or something to notfiy me when i get a text?	feature request
Was great for many years, but sadly no longer. SMS removal is just idiotic. Uninstalling.	bug report
The PC/Laptop version of the app is obviously better than its mobile counterpart. I dont have problems in mobile except one thing, it's when everytime I send videos to a server/friend. Once it sends, it appears in a 1:1 size ratio even though the video is supposedly at 4:5 size ratio. This happens everytime, it sometimes does not even play. I have to restart the app to play the video normally. Still a great app! Though i miss the old username format :(	bug report
Wonderful app ruined and made unpleasant to use by an unnecessary UI overhaul	feature request
This has been a valuable tool for communicating with groups. We use it for church with our different leadership groups and have done so for years.	irrelevant information
Not lovin this update at all. Causes me a headache. It takes so much time to get navigation bar to pop up and on top of that I dont how it pops up, like how, where i have to click/slide to get that navigation bar to open, it is random everytime. In video call it is hard to put my friend on full screen, cuz sometimes the button doesnt register it. Im very annoyed at it. Old layout was easier. Add atleast double tap on person video to make it fullscreen and also a possiblity to hide your own cam.	bug report
I like it alot for not being bombed by alot I'd people like the other sights I like it because it's more intimate and easier to talk without someone bothering you	irrelevant information
New version creates problem in making video call	bug report
Latest update has caused gifs to be inserted as pictures.. so that's pretty cool. Overall a janky experience.	feature request
I'm not sure what is happening but I am unable to call out but can receive calls. I also, receive multiple calls per day from unknown numbers.	bug report
Why ask for previous account when you log in you still can't get your number or account back?	bug report
Very good app, but improve more on the call aspect, sometimes it breaks while speaking with someone.	bug report
Please add support for foldables! Currently when we switch from internal/external display to the other one, app layout and image sizes in chat stay the same as the first display rather than the display you switch to. It should preferably readjust image sizes to whatever display is being used. Currently the images just get distorted/cropped when switching displays with discord running in the foreground/background. Have to quit and restart. Just redraw the main activity upon display switch!	feature request
They work with me on paying it off and I thank I very much yours truly Shane l ashton	irrelevant information
Use for our tennis teams. So easy to set up events.	feature request
let me and no one will respond. I use this for work cause it makes things	irrelevant information
Needs to have an option to delete "accidental" sent text.	feature request
Less ads, freeze is up..	bug report
The new update actually makes discord slower and makes navigation even harder than before.	bug report
Loving Discord, but slow down with buggy UI change.	feature request
Been using this app before 2016. Not total fan of changes they have made since going more main stream but what's behind all the face lift is why iam still here.	irrelevant information
2 stars now because very disapppinted with the unintuitive UI. Not sure how you thought this new UI is better than the old one.	feature request
it is very annoying that the group call is easy to be triggered.	bug report
Can't log out so can't use two accounts. One for work one personal. So it's really useless	bug report
This app is very cool I use it to make calls and texts	irrelevant information
Pictures stop loading	bug report
I cant run create account on my samsung Galaxy Tab e on skype pls fix problum of skype not working on older android	bug report
So far it's been a good app for talking to your loved ones	irrelevant information
It is something that I can use whatever I want to. Without any cost	irrelevant information
Nobody real everybody's fake or they want to scam me out of money	irrelevant information
Icon was not showing neither in app drawer nor on home screen (could only open through the playstore)	bug report
always have to restart phone to place call , swapped phone same dilema fix it!	bug report
I love your app so much. BUT THIS NEW UI FOR PHONE IS SO TERRIBLE! WHY DO I HAVE TO CLICK A SEPRATE TAB TO SEE MY DMS???? NOW ITS HARDER TO SEE IF SOMEONE MESSAGED ME. AND I CANT EVEN SEE THE SERVEE LIST ON SERVERS BECAUSE IDK WHAT TO USE FOR IT. LET ME GO BACK TO OLD UI	feature request
Very well exceeds several expectations	irrelevant information
Sometimes when I try to open it to see if someone replied it says loading and wont open	bug report
This is very important app	irrelevant information
Pornographic ads is NOT a rated E for everyone app. Everything was fine for months, then bam out of no where every ad being shown is by shein clothing with girls in sexual poses and hardly any clothing. Then it went to ads from an erectile disfunction company selling their drugs for the issue, literally had a photo of a very large chested woman with a shirt on made out of toole, you could see every detail of her bare breasts. This is porn, not typical ads and yet they claim to be E for everyone	bug report
Cant delete messages and all these fake mangers with win free iPad scam. Randonly one day it made me put in my date of birthday and wont not let me go pass it until I put in my date of birthday.	bug report
I would accept the call but it won't connect me yo the call, would not let me see who was calling, slow in answering calls, jus very bad now	bug report
Hit and miss with phone calls	bug report
It's a great app I use it to communicate with coworkers but I have android	irrelevant information
Hanging problem while watching recorded video	bug report
It wont open on my phone or on the computer. Please fix it.	bug report
Bakvas server always gets crashed bech do isko ☠️	bug report
Soo good 👍 but add auto instant lock	feature request
Awful user interface update is a pain to use, and Discord seems unwilling to listen to change. This has been a long standing problem with a disregard for accessibility that I and my friends are no longer supporting. We will not be renewing Nitro into next year, and dropping our server boost shortly. Uhg. Edit, 12-18-23: So they asked me to rate the app while I was using it, it's still bad 👍 Fortunately with android you can install prior updates, which is the only reason I'm using this app.	feature request
I mean. It gets the job done. Eventually... Please let us hang up after calls and don't play ads while we're ON THE PHONE.	bug report
Have found this app very good, thank you	irrelevant information
Not what I wanted	irrelevant information
Update 12/18/23 The new update is fine, people are being whiny about some minor layout changes.	irrelevant information
Can never send pictures or videos (even if its within the size regulations). the notifications for a new message never go away. Sometimes my messages dont send at all or they twice. Doesnt let me add people to a group most so the time. PLEASE FIX THIS BECAUSE IM FORCED TO USE THIS FOR WORK AND ITS SO ANNOYING	bug report
Overall good app	irrelevant information
what happened to speakerphone for Skype?	feature request
Good, functional app.	irrelevant information
Always loses connection. And freezes	bug report
Why does it stop notifying people if they don't participate in the chat???? And why can't it let me talk in previous chat rooms???	feature request
education "a feast for. my mind. whats for. desseert??"	irrelevant information
It is a great app but it takes too long to load up, even when you switch up between servers it takes centuries. In general it's a great app.	bug report
Supper response , clean interface.simple to use	irrelevant information
when I had no phone and no help TextNow helped	irrelevant information
Texting works near perfect, but calls not so much. Calls often don't go through, or randomly cut out. But by far the biggest issue is when calls come in, my phone simply doesn't ring, nor does a screen pop up telling me there's an incoming call. Yet, after I've "missed" the call, I get a notification informing me of the missed call. I've tried all sorts of different settings in an attempt to remedy it, and nothing works. So I basically can't receive calls.. BUT, for a free service, it's okay.	bug report
I cannot find the messages in my inbox. If I don't happen to have my phone in my hand with eyes on it the moment I get a message, I do not know I have one.	bug report
Good times 👍	irrelevant information
They want 9.99 for something that should be included. Edit to response: your response is laughable as you can find better and cheaper alse where. Fix yourself and do better.	irrelevant information
I dont know why the app is asking me "Am i a human" Am fedup	bug report
Only bombarded with ads. Didnt actually work.	bug report
I like text free it's a real good app to have when you run out of minutes on your everyday phone so I would recommend using this text free apo	irrelevant information
Great Apps....hope can be more advance than whatsapp in future like, (edit send msg, use as note with tick box, able to use interesting font in the middle of text, able to create simple table, got feature to create or edit sticker, changing voice feature for msg, maybe even can create template, polling, menus n etc...sound like 2GB apps...hahaha) Btw...great apps... Thank you...	feature request
Same as the last feedback. The app is still slow and counter-intuitive to use. It is S-L-O-W, painstakingly S-L-O-W. Keeps advising you don't have a working connection when making phone calls, therefore the call does not happen.	bug report
Make the term more easy	feature request
i want the old version back. the new update sucks ><	feature request
Good app, complete complex setting	irrelevant information
The new UI wasn't necessary. It makes the app much harder to use for no reason. They keep changing things that no one asks them to change, yet not addressing the actual bugs. No one is asking for these.	feature request
Is okay in my damn Medicaid login	bug report
not a class act.	irrelevant information
Going to Uninstall due to no longer supporting SMS	bug report
Great App when it works. My issue is that the threads disappear randomly and they only way I can get them to come back is by reinstalling the app.	bug report
So far, really good. Been using it for only a week.	irrelevant information
Works great for our kid's team parent communication.	irrelevant information
Seems you can only use it if your contacts have it. I'm not going to contact them all to switch	feature request
This app good for texting, but not good for a phone call, I paid 10 dll, but unable to pick up a phone call. Even sometimes after picking up, the quality so bad!	bug report
I used to love this app and would of given it a 4 or 5 star review before they discontinued the SMS feature, which used to make it an excellent all round messaging app. While signal messaging is secure, you can only use it if your contact has also signed up for the app. And most people haven't. So it's rendered fairly useless most of the time. I'll keep it for a little while longer for the whole 4 people I know that's stayed with Signal. Everyone else I know left when SMS stopped.	feature request
I like the new update and all, but the think I hate the most is that you can't add a channel to a certain category! Not to mention when you pull up Avatars for bots, the picture is made smaller. Please fix this Discord, I liked the app before this update!	feature request
It's pretty good. Nice and clear to chat with friends and customize stuff. Only problem is that the heads are questionably cryptbros, and have tried to push for NFTs and invade privacy with AI. Really not cool, wish they'd stop trying this dumb stuff.	feature request
I would give it 5 stars if calls weren't constantly dropped and bad connection even when my phone has full bars or on WiFi. Going you delete after I use the minutes I've already bought. My go ahead and delete anyway.	bug report
Doesn't always work cuts off. Disappointed. Doesn't hold the connection conversation breaks up when IAM talking to a friend they fade out especially when IAM walking around the house or outside. The issue has not been resolved people keep saying that they can't hear me either. Then dropped The call.	bug report
Won't send my texts. Having to reinstall over and over.	bug report
This place is probably about as good as it gets for being secure and getting your message across I hope that everybody gets that kind of information usage what will use this side of that time there are people out there that don't worry but there are some that do, is there any more I mean something has always to do with me getting MoneyGram	irrelevant information
Just awful. I wonder how much it costs them to pay for decent reviews?	irrelevant information
Don't always get notifications and the app randomly crashes	bug report
(This app is not given enough attention and respect that it deserves. It's elegant, detailed, and very well put together and performs at 💯)	irrelevant information
THIS sucks the big 1. I will never use this again. You can only use it if you have wifi wireless to make calls or text. It is not free really. I still had to pay for CABLE bills....	bug report
Sorry to Skype. I'm on other website cal live messenger and it back on other website cal escargot.chat to be honest don't like Skype very much and Micrsoftw shouldn't scrapped live messenger in the first place 👎	irrelevant information
Literally loads nothing, this app doodoo	bug report
I use for gaming chat, etc. When you open the app it can take a long time for messages to download. Kills your battery. Limit your rooms or use Kakao Talk. It is realtime all the time. Also it allows you to make free calls to people in your group even overseas.	bug report
Forget sharing photos or downloading photos in groups on your phone. Sometimes you get notifications, sometimes you dont. If you're just planning on using basic text functions this app might work for you, otherwise good luck	bug report
Good app for socializing but very toxic community.	irrelevant information
Alot of fake ppl	irrelevant information
Good old reliable technology	irrelevant information
⚠️MELWARE ALERT⚠️ THIS IS RUN BY SCAMMERS!! THEY STOLE MY EMAIL.	irrelevant information
can't open blocked messages on mobile. either make a hard AND a soft block or stop making things worse	bug report
Not a fan of no sms any longer. As well that can only attach 1 pic at a time.	feature request
Wonder if u can use it without Wifi...	feature request
I can't add anything to my favorite gifs anymore plz fix this bug, additionally when i open the wifi no notifications pop up unless i open the app myself to receive the new messages (unlike whatsapp).	bug report
The app is very good and has good sound effect	irrelevant information
I used to love Skype, but the Skype app in my phone rarely manage to notify me of new messages - and close to never within 0-5 minutes after receiving messages - nowadays. Works fine while on my computer so it really annoys me. And no, I don't use the mobile app and computer app at the same time so that's not the problem. Since Microsoft took over Skype and merged it with Messenger, it's only getting worse. Sort the problems, bugs, or whatever, out, and you might win people back from eg Viber, Line etc.	bug report
Can't get logged in to the account I created.	bug report
Send high quality pictures and videos to a set group of people easily. And see all responses. I love it.	feature request
Removing SMS support it a terrible idea and makes the app less functional.	feature request
So far,no complaints. It's actually been a life saver.	irrelevant information
It's the best communicating app bot some time it lags	bug report
I haven't been getting notifications when people text or call.	bug report
I cant set my notifications ringtones	bug report
app (texting, fb messenger, WhatsApp, telegram) has this issue. Those apps	irrelevant information
Would go lower but can only give 1 star....	irrelevant information
It's kinda useless for me to download this because I have no friends to talk with, but great app 👍	irrelevant information
I got the monthly subscription and trying to cancel it cussed the app to crash multiple times, I contacted chat and they won't do anything about it, saying it's my phone, even though it's a brand new phone	bug report
The app UI was great and I don't mind changes but this new one is not ready. It needs time	feature request
It is a very good application but there are many problems in it, sometimes the number is not selected, sometimes it gets logged out automatically etc...	bug report
What I like about this app (outside of the security and ease of use) is that it's improving at a constant rate. Newer features roll out if needed. I've yet to update the app and dislike any new additions.	irrelevant information
The new UI is unusable. Revert back to how it was, it was fine that way.	feature request
Why are we only able to hide content and not delete it?	feature request
Line is way better GM still doesn't have the ability to comment on posts, it still notice bugs such as chats disappearing forcing me to reinstall it	bug report
Good messaging app but I frequently have issues where I'm not notified of messages and calls.	bug report
Mic gets unmuted after a minute we touch and a bit laggy app	bug report
I would give 5 stars but they changed the ui and it sucks. And i cant change between the old and the new. It consistently doesnt load different channels if i open discord through notifications, the app tends to be far more nonresponsive, and its so much harder to navigate than the old version.	bug report
Whilst I am a fan of the darker themes, the new layout is very unintuitive to use and is making the overall app experience very tedious. Please can you revert the layout/navigation to what it was before :(	feature request
can only text. whenever calling, it gives two sounding beeps like piano keys struck when someone answers. don't waste your time with this app unless you only text. I used to like this app. many people have my number but I can't talk to any of them. this app should be scrapped.	bug report
I would need to get a new Sim card because the people damaged my entire envelope in handling at the postal service how can I do that	irrelevant information
the Patrick Kope show	irrelevant information
Nice to use for work without giving personal cell number to strangers.	irrelevant information
My online status constantly changes back to Active, no matter how many times I change it to Away or Invisible it always goes back to Active leading friends/family to think im online when I'm not. Also, when a message notification comes to my phone the option to reply from the notification in the drop down menu does not work. Ever. It might as well not be there. Old skype was great. New skype, not so much.	bug report
the new UI is inferior and less functional than the old UI. 1 star because of this	feature request
I have deleted and redownloaded this app a thousand times and yet i can only use it via text message. Nothing pops up on the app.	bug report
Not actually free tried making me pay for 1 text message	bug report
Not bad. Slow sometimes	bug report
Signal is our lifesaver to communicate with our son stationed in South Korea! He can call us using the app for free!!	irrelevant information
Spam to much	irrelevant information
I just wish they could get it where you could get way more free calls than have to download games  to get minutes or bye more minutes.😕	feature request
Overall a very good free texting and calling app	irrelevant information
My partner and I have been using skype 24/7 for the past 7+ months to communicate and we love it. The thing we most love about skype is the 'auto pick up' option. But there is so much room to develop the app. For starters, sometimes the notifications for messages, pictures fail to appear until you actually open the app, and the iOS my bf have doesnt have the auto pick up option even though its there on android and desktop application. It would be really awesome if skype team could fix these bugs	bug report
Eh. Normal Edit: Just use Discord. Skype has outlived its throne.	irrelevant information
It's cool kinda cnfing at first but eventually I got it and it is way cool	irrelevant information
Hi, I'm having an issue with the TextNow app. It's not allowing me to receive phone calls, only make phone calls. My phone will ring one to two times and then stop, leaving me unable to answer any calls. Texting is working, making calls is working, but receiving calls has not been working for the past four updates. Can you look into this?	bug report
I like aesthetic so I kept it in aesthetic	irrelevant information
I would give this app five stars, yet there are two small problems. One: I cannot use the letter "a". No matter how hard I try, I cannot use the letter a on this app and that is truly annoying. I can't use V either sometimes. Two: I can't text the person without hitting "edit contact" and then done first. For some reason, I have to do that to get to the texting screen. Please fix these problems and I will give five stars!	bug report
Don't like the way you don't have a vm # if you miss a call. I don't like getting emails that are hard to answer right away	feature request
New Ui is incredibly unintuitive, and a major downgrade from the previous version, which mirrored the desktop app in a satisfying and easy to use way	feature request
I hate the way this app works but I have to have it for work. It does a job ..... But it's not as good as email for large groups... And it's not as good as Facebook for small groups. So what's the point.	irrelevant information
they give you a number rhe take it back later a few days after activation, but even a week passes!	irrelevant information
Horrible since the update. This app was very helpful in the beginning, but	bug report
It's good and all but it's not letting me back in my account and keeps kicking me out of it many times but overall it's good it's js tht it lags horribly	bug report
Great as a stand-alone messaging network... that I can't convince friends to install anymore because it no longer supports SMS. What a bone headed decision, change it back!	feature request
No option to revert the UI change.	feature request
Not reinstalling until the issues are fixed. Accept you've screwed up with the redesign and roll back to a stable version.	bug report
Great info tool	irrelevant information
I'm single no kids and I work on housing and concrete and carpet repair and painting and roofing	irrelevant information
Sorry, this service is not available for your service plan.	irrelevant information
I've been using textfree for about 3 years now and they still can't seem to have an update that doesn't drop calls. Its so annoying when I'm talking to my girlfriend most of the time especially when we argue this app call drops smh.	bug report
I mean I love it but it lags with a calls I suggest snapchat to make phone calls.	bug report
corner its shows the cam works for me but not for the person im. Camming	bug report
Have been using for many years, and is very reliable with good call and video quality.	irrelevant information
cant see or open pictures	bug report
Greatgr at service .. affordable..	irrelevant information
Drops calls and calls are bad over half the time.	bug report
Senseless, poor experience afterall, uninstalled! Must be within 5 ft of modem to connect calls, & even then it cycles from Excellent to Good. At that point, my voice goes out & can't recover from error. My mom called me 7x today, just trying for adequate connection, dropped audio each time!! App won't allow you to close it after done, can't go back to Home screen after call, drops calls randomly call me back & phone won't ring. Sat here watching missed calls & VM left, but won't RING.	bug report
Good app but need to fix some issues. Doesn't allow me to answer calls and it's not allowing me to call out right now. Says something about using my data while roaming but I'm not even out of town PLEASE FIX!	bug report
It's fine and all but the major problem I have is the call feature because it's paired to my headphones but the audio is coming out of my phone not the other way around, and it this has been happening for months on end	bug report
I no longer receive push notifications when my friends message me. I have all the settings set up to receive them. Is this something that broke due to the latest update?	bug report
This app was great, until they COMPLETELY screwed it over with the new update. The new update is an eyesore, complicated to navigate for new users, and more often then not hella glitched out. The way they had before was perfectly fine, but the new update has just ruined it. For God's sake at least add an option where we can change it back to the old layout if we want.	feature request
My speaker is messed up and every time when I try to play on call or do something it always spams this black screen	bug report
Always say confirm you are a human	irrelevant information
I love the presentation	irrelevant information
Its a good platform for you and your friends but it's full of terrible people.	irrelevant information
It used to be a nice app. But it became bloated (especially under MS): uses	bug report
This is wonderful for communication with our co-workers.	irrelevant information
Its okay but I will give y'all five stars if y'all change the minutes to where on holidays you can call for free with out minutes then I can give y'all five stars but please fix that be cause TEXT NOW has it to where you can call for free no minutes please fix that	feature request
There are few users.	irrelevant information
Some times no alert for no reason, mostly for DM's	bug report
Unfortunately it's probably the best privacy that we have. Samsung and Google keyboards still sell your typing anyway	irrelevant information
I've been using app since it was TextSecure in beta and now they've ruined the app removing unsecured sms capabilities. I want the freedom to send unsecured sms if wanted in a single app and they are taking that away. Expecting me to harass friends that don't care about their security in order to increase their user base is nothing but greed and unacceptable.	feature request
Edit 2022: Vastly improved, notice no difference between this app & fb messenger or Whatsapp stability. It keeps almost no data, highly recommend this app. It's a solid app to replace whatsapp when they share all your info with Facebook come February. Works very similar & has been fairly solid. I am using a OnePlus 7 pro product with no major issues. Edit 2023 Dec: Still great, now using a Nothing Phone 2. Best message app for security.	feature request
More secure way to communicate, all around the world. motivates me to at least want to stay in touch with people. ~ it would be nice if there was a way to know when a message sent, was delivered, and when it was read. That would be helpful. very	feature request
I like how the group messages can be utilized & split up	feature request
Takes lot of space and asks to download many apps. It is only time and mind consuming and we do not know how it works. Before experiencing the quality and ease with which we can utilise it, we are discouraged to go for it.	irrelevant information
How do I unupdate? I hate most about the new interface and features. Swipe to reply is just annoying and causes administration to needless take extra time. The new layout/design are dreadful and feel so corporate. having to go to another tab just to see DMs is cumbersome and having friend activity at the top makes is far too distracting for what is about messaging. The notifications tab, it hasn't changed much except you increased it's length. Only good is "me" because it is basically unchanged	feature request
Why in the hell did y'all charge me twice today What's the customer service number	bug report
This is a decent chat group app, but I have lost all of my groups three times now after different updates. Let's fix this!	bug report
i boosted and get two plans but it never came to me	bug report
Intermittent issues with messages never being delivered to recipients who aren't using Signal. Don't have issues with other mesaging apps so it's not a network/phone issue.	bug report
App is great only error is that it's crashing at times and notifications are not showing half of the time	bug report
everyone here is out of pocket. the ui change is not serious enough to warrant 1 star, be real	irrelevant information
Good but please take a look at your response time. Because after clicking on Unmute it takes almost 10 seconds to mute. Which is really irritating.	bug report
the calls are working but they keep disconnecting me as if I wasn't connected to wifi? - ik it isn't my phone or WiFi bc I tested stuff so-	bug report
While the service itself is spectacular a huge let down is the fact bluetooth never works....	bug report
I really like what they have done with the app since I first started using it around 2013. A lot of great features and when you send them an email a person will eventually respond.	irrelevant information
Skype requaird highly Internet so difficult	feature request
Getting better with the bugs, but there is now a new issue. My number is not working for my account now. It says it is in use, but it is not and I can't type in one of my servers because of it. Edit: had to make a completely separate account to sign in with the number. If anyone experiences the glitch, make a new account, then deactivate it and it should work.	bug report
There is a glitch on discord were you can't see your password and it makes it impossible to change devices.	bug report
Easy access to family and friends.	irrelevant information
VERY BAD APP .. NOBODY SHOULD USE THIS APP..One ulongo ( Naked ) boy called me..	irrelevant information
I'd love to see easier access for memes and an option to keep messages out of my inbox and solely in the app.	feature request
The new mobile ui sucks,it's laggy hard to use and all jumbled up honestly,discord became annoying to use for all mobile users and I feel their should be a option to change back to the old ui so it's optional to have this or that,the stupid functions with side screening n ect don't help. I'm pretty sure other people including myself have wanted this update to be fixed so honestly why not just listen to the users. Again at least add a button for the old ui so it's optional	feature request
Have used GroupMe for years mainly for employee connection now for Family it's a very clean environment.	irrelevant information
Absolutely useless update Discord mobile has not been great ever since it was around because there were many bugs but the new interface from the recent update just goes backwards its not user friendly whatshowever and there was no reason to change it i really hope tthe discord team makes the decision to change it back because im not the only person who hates it	feature request
Bro nobody wanted that new username update	feature request
trash update	feature request
While i can see that work has gone into the new ui, it is unfortunately not very intuitive and ultimately takes away what made the app similarly good as the desktop app. Makes me worried for when the desktop app will suddenly also have an abismal ui with no way of reverting...	feature request
it says i need to update it but wont let me and sometimes ends call for no reason and cuts out when other person is talking	bug report
interfacing with phone contacts. I can't add any numbers into my phone. You	bug report
Great service, easy to use, keep your # as long as you use it, some calls could be clearer... I guess some feed back but I've never hear it on in my end. I really like voice mails are also sent as texts so it's easy to quick and easy to read a vmail. Easy to sign up and you can earn minutes watching videos. You can also send photos, videos and search through your contacts. Over all pretty decent.	irrelevant information
I think i want to vote 5 stars, after that i open a discord i got out of the app	irrelevant information
Good app but would be nice if you could see if someone has seen your message.	feature request
works well when you have internet. If you buy their plan you can get texts, like variation texts, otherwise you will not get some texts.	feature request
I don't know how to report problems but I'm getting a problem myself: I can't send any images without it just saying: failed to save images, I don't know how to fix this problem at all, I tried turning off my wifi, and reinstalling but nothing seemed to work, I think it night be a bug or something and I don't know how to fix it	bug report
It works well enough for group chats. I use it for a young professional group I'm in.	irrelevant information
Would like to say Thank You for all the different plan's. I never thought there would be a day that I could get free talk and text. I would have given 5 stars but when my 10 year old granddaughter uses my phone to call her parents and then asks why all these girls are asking to hook up and go on a date and so on, well thats not ok. I understand advertisements but thats something that could be avoided. Its bad enough seeing that stuff on regular TV but on here I just don't understand.	irrelevant information
At first, it seemed overwhelmingly unorganized, but I'll spend more time with it and continue to learn more about it.	irrelevant information
Its little tricky to set up but if others set it up for a group of people all at once its easyer then!	feature request
Why does it charge 6.99/wk active+ now instead of 10.99/mo pro+??? I'm not paying that.	feature request
Great experience, but the UI for direct message needs some work	feature request
trash ass app I could do better making my own software. trash	irrelevant information
Seriously discord? I can't place my date of birth.	feature request
Encrypted communication is critical these days and it works excellent. However, there are times when a Signal call is placed, it doesn't ring the recipient. Thanks, for all you do.	feature request
Can't exit out of ads making this app unusable. The ads block the whole screen making to TextNow app useless. Also I can't text someone new unless you call them first. I emailed TextNow about their ad problems, they have done nothing to fix the problems. The TextNow updates are only to add more ads making it tough to use the app.	bug report
Good review	irrelevant information
the new app layout sucks	feature request
Great app! Thank you.	irrelevant information
It stoped working and ibhad 93 minutrs lefted	bug report
It's the best think I can talk to my friends on. The only thing i don't like is that you have to give the other person your # for your user(in settings). But besides that it's the best think ever	feature request
On Android 7 since it's the latest rootable ROM for my Galaxy Note 8 here. Everything works BUT the notifications. So one star for everything else and one for notifications NOT showing at all. When it feels like it .. Not a mad reviewer, just saying .. Well known issue here that needs to be resolved across multiple Android versions. I'd like to rate 5 stars because Discord is awesomee but ya .. no .. EDIT: Still notifications issues but app HAS improved since, so, adding two stars. 1 for 1 👋	bug report
this is getting really annoying....ive installed about six different texting apps within the last few days, and all of them dont recieve any messages at all! they only send out messages. please help?	bug report
Came back to rate it 5 stars again. :)	irrelevant information
Since this is under ms it is becomming more and more unuseful. Payments gone and  account reset. Time for a new app with honest intentions.	bug report
Need to be light.. Quick to load... Enough to handle n bit easy.. Ur R&D team needs a push	irrelevant information
Hard 3 because of the fact that 7 out of 10 calls drop,the call sounds echoey and staticy very rarely is the call quality good and clear otyer then that it's a really good app.	bug report
This company has been around for many years and thank God for you textnow because I can't tell you how many times your app has saved my life. Not only in finding my phone to calling my bf and finding out what a liar he really was, but when I was going thru my worst times I could count on this phone app to be there for me!	irrelevant information
Very good app I have it on every device everywhere I go it's a daily use for me to catch up with my friends	irrelevant information
A little hard to get othes joined up. They say they are not getting my invites? I'm Sent several times	bug report
Nothing wrong with the app, it just doesn't do anything to stand out, does the same things as most messaging apps out there!	irrelevant information
Great app for people tryin to scam you to use	irrelevant information
Thank you. This really helps while this covid epademic is going on. Alot of help thanks	irrelevant information
Epic! I wish they would support Hebrew and emojis	feature request
This APP is HORRIBLE beyond HORRIBLE!!! And I've never written a review for a APP before. Used this APP twice and each time I was billed for a call and the other person could not hear me!!!	bug report
Kept on force closing on me not sure why I uninstalled and installed still the same problem	bug report
When i signed up it said that someone else was using my account somewhere else and when I typed in the location in Google maps it says the location doesn't exist. I tried changing my password and such but I can't seem to sign in.	bug report
Y'know if this app was just a massive battery drain while in voice chat(VC), I wouldn't mind it much and would have just dropped the star rating to 4. However, while in VC not only is it a massive battery drain, it also overheats the hell out my phone. It's actually uncomfortably hot every time I VC. Alongside that, the app will bug and display the contents of one server, or even a DM chat, inside another server on my end. There's so many bugs and performance issues.	bug report
Convenient for keeping in touch with people from my classes	irrelevant information
Love being able to keep in touch with my son who just recently went over seas, but I have no notification found that iam receiving a have or a call.  The times were have connected I happen to be looking at my phone. All notifications are on.  Latest version is installed... help	bug report
Would give it five if it was not for the fact that it uninstalled itself from my iPad under a pretence of updating. For free, its a solid six.	bug report
Good for messaging only. If you need to send a photo,  be prepared for a headache errors out 90% of the time.	bug report
android app has issues when texting and other UI issues	bug report
It always says connecting... And also many glitches are there	bug report
Horrible. No voicemail messages can be heard. Very upsetting. I've checked everything possible and I can't hear them. I'm glad I didn't pay for the service l. Plus they don't even check these reviews and tell you how to fix the problem.	bug report
You need to pay for verification text messages.	irrelevant information
Loved it until recently. Now it"s become completely unreliable and my family and I have had to resort back to basic texting to ensure messages are received. Messages not delivering despite all phones turned on, a message I sent completely disappeared off my screen as if I hadn't written it and it wasn't ac tually sent, and other weird stuff. What do we do?	bug report
This is completely fine like it's great but the new update is HORRIBLE nothing will load, no audio,laggy I just am getting annoyed, fix this. Please.	bug report
very good APP	irrelevant information
I can't see majority of my groups. I can't privately message people and I cannot add or remove myself or other people from groups. I also don't get any notifications.	bug report
Wow, what a break thru in the communication business. Clear calls and fast and reliable text service. All without breaking the bank...cant wait until I receive my Textnow sim. Thank U for your wonderful app.	irrelevant information
I really do like this app. Nice features and it simply works. Also with respect for one's own privacy.	irrelevant information
With the removal of SMS I no longer have a reason to use Signal *exclusively* (keyword) which means I will not recommend it to friends and family in the future. I know SMS is not secure. I can't convince everyone in my contacts to switch. Bad move on Signal's part.	feature request
With the upcoming removal of sms/mms function app will become useless for majority of my contacts. I've been using signal for years and will be sad to have to stop using the app.	feature request
I love the app. I really do!! But if it gets to the point where switching from channel to channel freeze up my entire phone.. and it happens to a number of people... It would be best to fix it when you can. Yes it does it on multiple networks, but especially when I have my VPN on.	bug report
Does the job but the devs keep messing with the app and temp breaking it with every update. Also they keep removing the OLED dark theme which is very useful if you have light sensitivity and need things to be very dark in order to prevent headaches. Especially since their normal "dark" theme is not actually all that dark. It's more of a light charcoal grey colour really. If it's a matter of compatibility with the other versions of discord, create an Ultra Dark theme and then leave it alone.	feature request
i love it but the problem is it lags so often its annoying	bug report
I hadn't got to try it yet I have been trying to talk to someone. text now ask me to conferm my Sims card number. when they ask me to conferm the key pad will not come up on fhjs phone. i cannot get in touch with them this is the only way I can use the phonehelp the last 4 Dodgers of the sim is 8757	bug report
Love the app but I don't love that they are removing regular SMS from the app. Will probably have to uninstall because it's not worth having two apps installed	feature request
It drops calls allot even with perfect Wi-Fi connection	bug report
the facts that i cant confirm this number on external sites, and the number isn't held for too long, you suck.	bug report
So far it is great... I get message from my leader and it works.	irrelevant information
I love this app because it's the best of all by providing Quality video call	irrelevant information
Great connections and sound quality	irrelevant information
I love discord but there's one problem from now when ever I text with someone my keyboard disappears when I click on the sending button may you please fix it? Thank you ❤	bug report
I cannot react for the messages; I am using lollipop version of Android.	bug report
Keeps force stopping and you don't have an update?? Moto g play. Voice drops on perfect wifi. Samsung galaxy s7.	bug report
Not very good, l prefer the old version	bug report
Big Signal fan but just updated Fairphone 3+ to Android 13 and keeps crashing when typing messages or doing simple things. Functionality to 'mark as unread' would also make it even better than WhatsApp	bug report
Great way to discuss various games with others..also creates a chance to holler at developers about issues...awesome app	irrelevant information
Great App to keep connected!	irrelevant information
Enjoyed the app, however i spotted a load of bugs in the application, the degraded performance and slow connection time even for a fast internet.	bug report
Tried it while WhatsApp was having downtime. Nope 😕	irrelevant information
It was great but with SMS function disappearing, I will have to get rid of it. Who can take the time to figure out if someone is on signal. I am currently finding out what app to get, sorry to leave this one and foolish of the company to limit themselves. They want us to get everyone else on signal but that's not my job.	bug report
UNINSTALLED!! IT CRASHES DURING CALLS 5-10 MINUTES IN EVERY TIME!!!	bug report
New layout sucks! With previous layout I can do so much using only my one hand but now I can't even do it lol, revert it because it really sucks. Edit: The new UI is so laggy, I am so tired using your app	bug report
I've been using signal for the better part of 5 years or so. While it's been great, the recent decision to remove sms support is something that will likely have me stop using this app. Sms support made it possible to have others get a decent enough private text app since it would perform double duty depending on what the recipient had as well.	feature request
It takes WAY TOO LONG to log in.	bug report
Notifications stop working sometimes. You just have to re download it. Other than that it's been a really good app.	bug report
The alerts are a little slow but other then that it's great	bug report
THIS APP SUCK EVERYTIME I TYPE THE NUMBER IT WONT WORK AT ALL	bug report
Can get this app t. Stop sending texts to my phone	bug report
I when I paid for the SIM card so that I didn't have to have Wi-Fi all the time to make a call. However now I'm having a problem calling anybody in the evening time because it will deny me the ability to tell the person back that is the phone call from I would call anybody at all. So as much as I love this app I'm hating the fact that now I can make a call with no problem without Wi-Fi during the day but at night by the time the sun goes down I can't call anybody.	bug report
Group messaging ap, functions as designed. Not a ton of bells & whistles, which is fine.	irrelevant information
I use this app as my cell phone provider. For free service, it's a very good alternative to traditional cell phone service. The ads are not intrusive and I can still talk as usual through this app. I also like the fact that customer service is very accessible through the online chat feature. I highly recommend if your phone is compatible to use this as a primary/backup service provider for your phone.	irrelevant information
Very Good App. But my phone is overheat.	bug report
Says "The reason you are receiving this error and are unable to create a TextFree account is that our company experiences high levels of abuse during the creation of an account. Your device matches suspicious abuse criteria". This phone and account are new... And it's ironic how I'm considered abusive for no apparent reason nor can they gave me an actual reason, but they allow tens of thousands of spam bots to have accounts that promote xxx and OF scams.... Do better	bug report
Literally it's Unlimited	irrelevant information
It's annoying that I need to install a rather large app to use it on a pc (no web interface) and that when I did so I couldn't access or migrate my data from my phone. I realise this is for security, but surely there would secure ways to do this (eg Bluetooth, USB cable, memory stick). I also can't see why the pc app needs to be so big for what it does.	feature request
Loved this app. But as of lately I cannot send text. I can call. Can receive calls. Can receive text. But I can't send anything. Makes no sense whatsoever. Tried contacting them but there isn't any way to. Also says it needs an update but when you click to go to it. There is nothing there. Just the open or uninstall button. Been using this app for over 5 years. And to be honest. Thinking about using another app. What's the point if I can't send text.	bug report
Don't like it. Like to be able to delete any or all messages permanently rite away.	feature request
The app is getting worse and worse with each update. Everything is so frustrating to get around, it's feeling less and less like discord everytime. So many features are being switched and replace, and no one is enjoying them.	feature request
Ok but needs to have free minutes but good if do not have phone	feature request
Now the app is not working. I can't reach to my clients	bug report
why it lags much???	bug report
I cannot swap to my Bluetooth headphones during the call...else five stars	bug report
I'm getting alot of spam calls and texts	bug report
I run multiple large communities, for this the service is actually useful, until you're falsely banned by automated moderation, not only is the service I paid for being unfairly restricted from me as no ToS were broken, I now have no access to multiple communities I'm needed to manage on a daily, almost hourly basis Customer support is virtually non-existent, many accounts are falsely banned without any recovery or response, I anticipate the same Do not use this service for anything important	bug report
Dude, the UI changes so frequently, and it's starting to get frustrating. There was nothing wrong with the old layout, and there should at least be an option to change it back if anyone decided to. Also, what's with the buggy notification system now? I'm not getting any alerts of messages sent. I've tried logging in and out, changing settings, even updating the app to be stuck with the new, horrible UI, just to try and fix things. Wasn't worth it because it didn't work. You need to fix this.	bug report
Its a good way to text anyone in groups but my only problem is that sometimes it wont let me start a group chat .	feature request
Its a great app, but for some reason, since yesterday i have not been able to type anything from my keyboard when i open chats. Idk if it as problem on my end, but i cant type anything sinve the new update	bug report
Frustrating!!!! I will type a message and hit send and if the message doesn't send it will disappear forever, can't find it, thus issue has gotten me in a bind several times, serious binds!!!!	bug report
takes awhile to load and disappears during a text... other than that, great.	bug report
It's gr8 I use it everyday for work	irrelevant information
Keeps crashing when i try and boost a server	bug report
Hi Support, currently I am using OnePlus7 phone and on my skype if someone message me it's come but when I send to someone message display loading and my profile status also display loading. It's happening all the devices please check what issue in that.	bug report
wish i could make mofw phone calls but great for texts	feature request
I love this app okay.. But after logging out 2 times I couldn't log in again and that's just rlly annoying 💀	bug report
No keyboard shortcuts. Occaßionally crashes during calls. Otherwise good	bug report
I cant drag and paste language translation to post on here, other chats I can, it's ok if you dont have to talk in a different language, plus there's no call feature	bug report
Really like the app, great platform for creating and joining communities, and the desktop version is still 10/10 but this recent mobile update turned the app into some of the worst visual/UI design I've ever used. Mind boggling why anyone would think this new version would be any more user friendly or easier to use, really hope they revert it.	feature request
Get ad free premium service and you're homefree for sure.	irrelevant information
Removing SMS support will end the networking effects this app had going for it. I care about encryption and privacy, but almost nobody else that I know does. I have been able to get people to switch to Signal because it does both. Without that convenience the uncaring majority won't be bothered to use the app anymore. End result: far fewer of my messages will be encrypted. Signal mission failed.	feature request
It was good before & I guess they updated it . Now pictures are a problem . I can't send or receve them . Is it just me ? Pleaase fix , I love this app . Don't intall until they fix this big problem	bug report
In fact this app is the best	irrelevant information
V Cm to get by	irrelevant information
This is a horrible app they need to take it down 99 does not work	bug report
Very annoyed by the decision to remove SMS support. I won't be keeping two messaging apps, so will be uninstalling Signal. I'm also frustrated that the option to backup sms messages to export tona new default SMS app does not export my messages with other signal users, so now I lose those message histories when switching back to an SMS app. Bad experience all around.	feature request
Not a huge fan of the new UI changes. I dislike how I can't swipe left to see the member list for the channel and also, I dont much care for the new voice chat where it just shows avatars on the screen without even displaying standard call options and I can't figure out how to bring them up short of spamming taps til they open. Getting to where I can toggle each guys voice volume is a headache too. I miss the old UI. Id rate 1 star cause I'm salty but its still a great app so I can't.	feature request
please make it possible to get rid of sounds when u mute/unmute, join/leave channel, when using push to talk,... it's so very annoying!	feature request
Whenever I want to call outside the USA , then it pops up a message saying that calling the USA ? Invite them to download this app and then call ends if you click ok or if you do not click, nothing happens. Absolutely rubbish app . Frustrated	bug report
It was good. I was loving the ps5 integration but for some reason it's stopped working. My friend can't hear me and I've tried everything to make it work.	bug report
The recent UI update has brought many bugs like switching between chata can sometimes get stuck. A long time issue has been a person you've blocked or they to you still appears on the friend activity top of the screen and the only way to fix it is by friending that person again and unfriending them yourself.	bug report
Good messaging app. I hope the privacy policies will remain unchanged.	irrelevant information
Text notifications pop up with the text, but when you open the app its generally 2 to 3 hours before the persons message appears in your history. You can close and reopen the app, but its usually to to 3 hours before the text log updates. Also, EVERY site I tried for different things that has phone number verification will NOT allow a TEXTNOW number. It says the phone number is not supported	bug report
I am ashamed of this App no wonder Pinger does not claim it any longer. These people got greedy. Don't be a lazy money grabber, get up n out there!! The money will be there when it gets there. Do the next right thing and always help people, do not hinder them for you will be in turn hindered yourself. Thank you have a nice day!! ,:-) Kkw	irrelevant information
Someone logged in with my email and has a password I can't access.	bug report
Classic Discord devs, updating and making changes on things they dont need to change 🥲 The app is so buggy now holy hell	bug report
notified is if I turn on the SMS version. Used to work great on my LG, but	bug report
Why would you change the UI to include more clicks? The previous layout was seamless, and now using Discord feels like a chore.	feature request
No area codes are available to sign up. waste of time	bug report
Can no longer log in. Tells me to set date and time.	bug report
Not very user-friendly I get kicked out all the time; when I try to get back in the message states it sent me a text with a pin number, I NEVER get the message.	bug report
app can't handle being even the only thing on it?.. stop blaming our	bug report
Doesn't remember contacts I've skyped with dozens of times, but it's insistent I learn about adding themes and colors. Unhelpful.	bug report
Clear calls on the dl	bug report
Only about half of the people we added get the SMS messages, and the app itself doesn't give everyone notifications. I don't know what's up, but it is in dire need of some kind of software update because it picks and chooses some phones to work on and some not. The concept is nice, but the app itself is too problematic.	bug report
It wouldn't let me make any calls. Every number I called said it was out of service.	bug report
I installed the app I uninstalled the app	irrelevant information
I really like the app. My family can stay in touch even though we are spread out now than most of us are grown. Thank you 😊	irrelevant information
It will never work	bug report
Please change the layout back to the original. The new one is just impractical and hella weird to use. It doesn't need any new layout	feature request
If voice quality was better it would get 5 stars, but voice quality can be bad even if my connection is great! Please improve voice quality and allow your phone number to be ported to another carrier if that's not already possible!	feature request
I just found the reply option to a specific text. This app should have more like options and they should be visible under the message we are liking or replying to. Otherwise it is easy to use.	feature request
We great, but four some reason I don't always get new message	bug report
There is no notification when someone comes online and wants to chat with you	feature request
This is the best app to find out the truth about a cheating spouse that's what I found out.	irrelevant information
We are One Family under God.!	irrelevant information
When I tried to log back in and put forgot password it kept sending me a wrong date so the link was expired	bug report
App is great for texting. Only problem is sometimes phone calls don't go through.	bug report
Thank you for this app. It has it's bugs and delays, but is nevertheless a great communication tool. Everybody who can should support open source.	irrelevant information
Accounts are being closed.	bug report
Easy and free. Not always a fan of the network lag though	irrelevant information
Just refuses to connect on my mobile network.	bug report
Its just bloatware	irrelevant information
I enjoy connecting with people over topics I enjoy while living in my isolated town	irrelevant information
STOP FORCING PEOPLE TO VIREFY THEMSELVES! I CANT EVEN VIREFY MY OWN ACC CAUSE IT YOU SAID IT WASNT EVEN A REAL ACC! I HATE THIS APP!	bug report
I would rather message my friends via carrier pigeon than use discord after the ui update	feature request
It was difficult to change our logo on our page. It doesn't allow you to contact someone on your group individually. And I am unable to delete old GroupMe accounts.	bug report
I want to keep my old phone number.	irrelevant information
seems to get slower every release	bug report
Drop calls, unable to hear the other party! It just sucks... Bad app	bug report
It keeps us informed	irrelevant information
Latest update made it so links no longer open in the appropriate app, but instead opens a new chrome tab. Yet another bad update.	bug report
Very bad daily a update showing	bug report
Two improvements expected: 1, sent message, not convenient to Copy, compare to wechat (China) 2, audio messages could not be transferred to text as wechat(China)can do now	feature request
Slow sometimes but I like it	irrelevant information
Finally got hit with the update, and it's every bit as bad as people say. Accessing DMs is a hassle, can no longer swipe to see server members, setting statuses is more annoying, every time I open a DM it opens waaay up the chain for some reason? Not to mention the app just constantly crashes and seems to be draining battery a lot more than before. Classic example of 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it'. Would literally give anything for this to be changed back. Won't be using as often. Horrible.	bug report
Dropping SMS support? I'll have to drop Signal. Can't tolerate multiple messaging apps.	feature request
I used this app a lot in the past, but no more as I have found TextNow superior in that it allows for free unlimited calling to any US/Canadian number.  This app has way more ads and annoying pop-ups and they make you watch video ads for 'mins' to make any calls (except to other textfree users.) That's my main issue with this app, it works fine for texts but calls drop often (normal due to latency and dropped packets.) I dont like that the app makes many background connections to servers while not in use.	bug report
Does not see my entire contact list. Why not?	bug report
This app sucks, all it does is keeps crashing over and over again every time I go to open the app.	bug report
Wont always send messages,  I thought maybe was my internet connection because thats what it tells me. But everything else is workng fine and quickly on my tablet.    Emailed support about it not sending messages, still haven't replied 3-4 days later.	bug report
They are getting rid of SMS so I am getting rid of them.	irrelevant information
Works but too many ads. Text now is way better. Had textfree for almost a year and its okay.	irrelevant information
Some times I have to re-download this app because it malfunctions. But other than that I love it.	bug report
My stream sound doesn't works Edit:- After 4 to 5 updates, it still isn't working on Poco X3 MIUI 13 Android 12, pls help discord...	bug report
It doesn't show a error, just says that my number has been expired and I have to pick a new one, and each time I do I try to make a call or send a message it tells me to pick a new number	bug report
Try not downloading viruses on other people's phone for any reason or changing their number and maybe this app would work	irrelevant information
Nice and usefull sometime it's hang your phone sometime app screen share doesn't work but still it's nice because I am using since 4 years and lot of problem I have seen but it's ok it's nice	feature request
Has been a great tool in getting info to my team	irrelevant information
It might be just mine but it lags CRAZY ever since the update to apparently "ultra" I hope for better updates and I'm very disappointed :-(	bug report
Some clan tabs seem to not appear on my groups discord channel. But will figure all that out as I get more familiar with discord I suppose.	bug report
even while connected to a good network I am unable to make calls plz fix this fast	bug report
I like the overall experience, I don't like that in settings you can't edit a contact. You have to delete them, then re-add. Annoying if you just misspelled their name etc. Also not liking that in settings you can't change/choose if recipients receive the "You will no longer receive messages from this group if you do not respond." They can leave the group if they want to, so not really not necessary. Some people just want the communication and not respond, where others want to respond.	feature request
Can't touch nothing or you'll tap an ad. Frustrating!	bug report
I cannot receive phone calls I have added a hundred minutes I currently have a 159 minutes I can call out just fine but I cannot seem to receive any phone calls	bug report
I like the basic function of the app: group communication outside of texting. However, there needs to be the ability to delete pictures, messages, as well as contacts. The permanancy of this app discourages more frequent and brosder use.	feature request
Horrible app. Calls won't go through. Moves slow. Crashes too much	bug report
I had this app awhile ago and decided to try it again. This app has really gone down. So disappointed	bug report
It won't let me open it up to use,	bug report
This was a great way to get people to think about encrypted messages. They have just removed sms support, this means that I have no ability to use it for talking to people outside of signal. The app is good, but it's now useless I'll have to be uninstalling it.	feature request
Usable. Only thing is when calling or receiving calls. Sounds far but otherwise works good	bug report
Why did you remove SMS support? The encryped messaging with other signal users is still great, but without SMS theres little reason to use this app over just pgp encrypting messages through sms.	feature request
Best ever, doesn't save ur info on backup drive. Saviours of communication in the modern day!	bug report
Doesnt work. I've uninstalled and reinstalled from ve times!	bug report
for it to be free it operates jus as good as one copared to carrier which requirers a set monthly fee	irrelevant information
The new layout just sucks bad and now you've even taken the option to go back to the old layout away from us, nice discord!	feature request
i dont like text free. adds pop up on my phone everywhere.	irrelevant information
It won't let you delete phone numbers, a lot of people call asking for someone else, and you cannot call 911 when you have emergency it just won't let you!!!	bug report
My number would keep getting inactive on the day I would install the app. Total garbage	bug report
Great app I use it more than I use my own phone	irrelevant information
Every good	irrelevant information
Good app but it has gotten more laggy on android phones and every time I type discord just crashes	bug report
Very good to used...	irrelevant information
Very good picture sound too.	irrelevant information
I would give it a higher rating except for the folloming issues: 1. When you open it it should default to contacts, NOT recent chats. Why should the app assume that I want to call someone I just talked to? Defeats the purpose of having a contacts list in the first place (which, btw took some effort to put together) 2. When I try to call a contact it offers every number I ever used for them including times when I misdialed, rather than what's actually stored in the contact.	feature request
Are you serious? Doesn't recognize my contact list. Zero stars.	bug report
It is cool when you do not have minutes...	irrelevant information
Every time I try to call someone it always says there unreachable	bug report
Very good sound quality but the interface is too complicated and you need 3 clicks to make a call.	feature request
the calls don't work now. it shows a notification but you cant receive or make calls anymore.	bug report
Please give the option to use the old layout back to us. Please. I cannot use this new layout, and I will simply uninstall the app, either permanently or until we're given the option for the old layout again.	feature request
Please put it back. There was nothing wrong with DMs being in the same consistent UI with servers, and wasn't swipe-left replies removed once already?? At least an option?	feature request
I paid yo lock a n7mber it took my money and said the number isn't available then I make another account and pick a number it says error comes and that every number I pick paid or free is unavailable and even with a different account it still says I have a subscription so I can't get another and refreshes the numbers and still won't let me pick any of them	bug report
dont always get notifications when i receive messages, even though i dont have anything muted. also cant send pictures sometimes. if those two things worked consistently the app would be a lot better	bug report
So the reosen i give this 4 star beacase some devices wont have a notifacation popping up . Can you please fix this bug	bug report
Decent app. Easy to use. Been using it to send media msgs and also for a part time business line. A lot of glitches and crashing.	bug report
The worst login	bug report
This app is worthless. Phone calls won't go thru.	bug report
new update is terrible. user experience is terrible. the new ui makes things harder to navigate, buggy, laggy. just bad	bug report
Actually really good	irrelevant information
Give us the option to turn the app back to how it was before the update. This new look ain't cute.	feature request
Audio doesn't get routed to Bluetooth unless I restart my phone. Really annoying. It was working flawlessly last week.	bug report
I like the app, but i wish skype for web was supported so I wouldn't have to switch windows so much.	feature request
interruptions are high	irrelevant information
If u listen to us pls put this option to move the app to external card pls do it	feature request
I can't get it to open for me	bug report
Almost all features are good but sir I request you to insert more features	feature request
Garbage app that allows tons of spam and scams on it. There are dozens of other video options, use one of them.	irrelevant information
I really like the app but I'll get a notification that I have received a text message but when I go into the conversation the text isn't there.	bug report
After updating the app, Skype has much more picture quality than previously, although internet speed has remained same and sound is sometimes still weak (purely phones mic fault), it's definitely improvement from Skype side!	feature request
The annoying popups for *GroupMe unexpectedly quit* 2-3 times every single time I use it is annoying...	bug report
I absolutely love this app. I just wish there were more modifications to the chat background and whatnot. All in all, it's a super solid app for sure, though. I use it all the time	feature request
I would have given 5 stars but account can't be created on my devive	bug report
Like the app, but I wish it was optional to switch to the new formatting, as myself and several friends of mine prefer the older format.	feature request
features. No improvements. Frustrating to use.	irrelevant information
For some reason this app logged me out in the middle of a conversation. And says my password is incorrect and I keep trying to reset password and l've been waiting all day for a password reset email. Help	bug report
It's a good app I use it everyday just some ads have you wait through 4 ads for 1 minute of call and please make it so if you call someone and they don't answer it DOESN'T count as 1 minute thank you ps. I've made it a 3 star because when I text sometimes it takes days for the other person to get the text	bug report
I try to like login to discord or something and it keep saying oops you've caught us at an ultra-rare error please try again or check our page and I'm like okay I'll try again and I kept trying again and then I check the page enable all operations are fine so I am really confused	bug report
I hate watching videos for minutes	irrelevant information
Cool layout. Easy to communicate with 😊	irrelevant information
Alright if u have to use it	irrelevant information
It works and is supposedly actually private. No complaints about functionality.	irrelevant information
I think it is a really good app, but it is kinda slow but I really like because I am ten and I can't afford a regular phone number.👍	irrelevant information
Not quite sure why I'm having issues.	bug report
You can only use it online, can you make an option so we can choose who can call me? I don't like getting random calls at night. Other than that, definitely recommended! Free phone number to!	feature request
I'm woman of God and honey person with each other and good your best and level the rest face on my way do my own praying for more protect for my self and others may Almighty God keep showing me more love	irrelevant information
glad can have a stand by incase I lost my real phone.	irrelevant information
Great controlled phone advice manager.	feature request
For the love of god, please stop making it worse	bug report
I like discord but after the new update I am having some extreme problems it keeps crashing and refusing to open and it keeps setting off my s22 ultra	bug report
It "was" and used to be great. Text message no longer works so what is the point?	bug report
Mostly fine app. When my boss adds new people to the group chat I've noticed I can't see their profile or their name on the list of group members for a while, which is annoying because sometimes I need to message them individually about work stuff.	feature request
Voice and video calls make a world of difference	feature request
No good app a pay for nothing 😕	irrelevant information
It pops up the feedback window	bug report
I emailed cause the app won't let me in the group that was a week ago... App sucks	bug report
Since the last update, it's been terrible . I have been using this app for years with no issues. My messages don't come through like they used to. Sometimes, they don't come through until I actually tap the app, which I never had to do before. I'm very disappointed.	bug report
DISCORD WHY DID YOU RENEW MY NITRO I CANCELLED IT WEEKS AGO I CANCELLED THE DAMN. SUBSCRIPTION. A. LONG. TIME. AGO. WHY DID YOU FREAKING DO THAT?! OH MY GOD. THE MONEY THAT I WAS GOING TO USE FOR SOMETHING WAY MORE IMPORTANT IS FREAKING GONE BECAUSE OF THIS 😭😭😭😭	bug report
Amazing it's untraceable 😄😂🫶	irrelevant information
I got ripped off purchasing a package from them. Paid, no minutes added to my account. Do not buy anything from them.	bug report
Doesn't even let me make an account, I installed the app and signed up and it said that I violated their Terms of Use. Does that even make sense? I just installed the app and how did I violated Terms of Use just by signing up?	bug report
Every single time this app gets updated it becomes worse. I see no point of these trash updates when it was already fine as it was.	bug report
It lost my number	bug report
Why did they make it worse by making it harder to mark things as read?	feature request
Sometime my messages won't send at the moment or they don't send at all.	bug report
I like it - esp for ppl who are not on SocMed	irrelevant information
Updating was a terrible idea. Whenever i sent a photo it just doesnt load for me even tho it has nothing to do with my internet as usual it just stopped.	bug report
Has way too many ads. Takes too long to load. Sends messages multiple times at random times, sometimes hours later. Doesn't send pictures most times. Hard to navigate. Has different colours though, so that's why it gets a 2.	bug report
I will never not use this app	irrelevant information
Rather confusing interface.	bug report
Notifications constantly disappear from lock screen while I'm reading them, super annoying	bug report
Do not get notifications on S10+. Verified all settings are correct.	bug report
Can't even sign up. Signing up cause me to violate terms of service. Don't waste you time with this app period	bug report
Video calls display unreliably across all devices and networks	bug report
Very fast, no interruptions	irrelevant information
The new skin takes forever to oad and the app often stops running in the background so I don't know when I receive a new message 90% of the time unless I open it to check	bug report
Discord crase problems	bug report
doesnt work well on chromebook distorted sound and picture and it keeps coming up poor connection, on my ipad its excellent! Skype keeps shutting down when chromebook is updating! Deleted the app and am now using the skype extention for chromebook and it works far better than the app!	bug report
I'm unable to sign up, I don't know why , what can I do	bug report
This app has never worked properly. It's the only app that does what it does, and is waaaay better than SMS groupchats (which is why I gave it two instead of one stars) but that's not a high bar. Crashes often, once it lost all my groups (still haven't gotten them all back), their support is absolutely non-existent and unhelpful. Also occasionally decided it doesn't want to send notifications or receive chats, and is nearly impossible to start a group chat on. Very bad app, only option though.	bug report
New UI is horrible and now clips off picture and video posts instead of resizing it to fit on the screen Search function is neutered and unintuitive Load times are much much worse	bug report
garbage...the apps keeps crashing middle of calls	bug report
Nice but it will be better if they add pc version features to the mobile version.	feature request
It's a good app, but if you use 2fa and can't get code or backup code they won't disable 2fa on your account which sucks cause I can't get in contact with any of my friends.	bug report
Good quality calls and free text messages, what's not to like?	irrelevant information
Worst 2nd phone app I have used yet... phone calls consistently would not connect until I reset my phone. Drove me crazy	bug report
You send contests that have a virus, the win the I phone for example	bug report
I tried choosing number but not working	bug report
Very nice app. Calls are a hit and miss though.	bug report
The new mobile interface is unaccessible and unreliable. It made the previous intuitive layout more difficult to traverse and harder to understand. Discord may be a social app, but it isn't a social media. If they wanted the mobile experience to be better, they would've fixed the connectivity issues and server crashes (both of which were made worse by the update.).	bug report
Really nice social app to use, but as of now, there's some sort bug that doesn't allow me (and from what I've seen, my friends as well) to send images into chats. What's more, when you fail to upload those images, your gallery just doesn't show your pictures. Honestly, it's just an annoying bug since to reset it, I had to restart my phone countless times.	bug report
I prefer this to WhatsApp and pretty much all other messaging services. Good reliability, easy media transfers and they seem to take our data security seriously.	irrelevant information
Ever since the recent update, it's been running like garbage. Lags after every action, refusing to send pictures, sending pictures to a DM I'm not even looking at when it does. Even without the bugs, though, it just feels clunkier to get around the app compared to before. I wanted to give the update a fair shake, but so far it has just been an overall frustrating downgrade in my experience.	bug report
slow compared to others specially whatsapp	bug report
People were using bad words in the voice chat so please add this type of update that the voice call should be in recording mode you can delete that and you should have all the details so you can track their calls	feature request
Great prices for calling.	irrelevant information
Slow as hell.	bug report
Newest update completely ruined my experience. Ive been using discord for years and only recently am I having issues connecting to any servers. It wont load anything like I have no internet but that is not the case. I tried switching wifis and data but nothing worked. It wont connect to anything on my phone.	bug report
Pro: - Free app that's great for communicating with friends; easily becomes an integral daily messaging solution Cons: - The development of the service unfortunately is becoming more subscription-centric, with many features paywalled and frequent reminders left and right that you're not a part of the club that can't be avoided - The terms of service also forbid modification of the Discord app or using alternatives, at risk of account termination	irrelevant information
Keeps giltching out	bug report
My app was hacked..	bug report
Updating review, video attachments now work fine but the app seems to get stuck on channels or not load all the channels and I have to restart it. But, since issue with videos is resolved upgrading review from 2 to 3 stars.	bug report
App is messing with the sound/ volume on my phone	bug report
Bad. Notification system is faulty.	bug report
It is good but ma screen cast stoped working ? Any solution	bug report
New update and ui is terrible. It added a ton of new glitches to boot. Wish we could revert somehow	bug report
This app just sent a random link to about 30 people I've been in a group	bug report
Chat channels keep disappearing for me. I uninstalled and reinstalled and I was able to see it again for a few minutes before it disappeared. I am missing two different chat channels for one discord channel and I cannot get them back.	bug report
Voice calling is not working 😕 The App is frizzy	bug report
End to end encryption. No dodgy parent companies with dubious data policies in charge. Does what it says on the tin and does it well.	irrelevant information
Please revert back the ui, current one is not good enough.	feature request
it really helps	irrelevant information
Why would y'all update the app and not give the update all the features that the original app had the app kinda sucks wit out he emojis and now it will go to the automatically go to the newest message which also sux	feature request
TikTok sir please sapurt me	irrelevant information
It was all nice before, but now my profile pictures and server profile pictures are not showing its like blank. Its very disorienting and very annoying. Its happening both in my phone and my PC I don't know why 😔. I hope u guys fix this problem.	bug report
Used to be a great app that I used so much! but lately has been so terrible at sending messages, pictures, syncing. Ive asked group me for help and its ust not working as well as it used it. whatsapp is now my primary group message.	bug report
Great app but when i click the nof it just crashes probably a bug?	bug report
This app hard to get a new number	bug report
Good app to meet new friends around the world.	irrelevant information
4 and her bad is big	irrelevant information
Won't let me join any servers...	bug report
I'm loving the new UI! but there's now a bug where going to a new channel doesn't load new messages.	bug report
Ok, but notifications about unlimited calls at 4am is a bit rubbish.	feature request
It kept asking me to rate it so I did 💀It's a good app and it does what it says lol.	irrelevant information
unfortunately, I dont so much anymore. Anytime I try to make a call with	bug report
the new ui is bad, and there is no longer an option to revert. it's fine for new users, but my muscle memory makes every action awful.	feature request
I can't seem to get a hold of a person ive beea customer for years I'm trying to add. New line to my service with text now and can't seem to fully access my account or reach a agent normally the service is great I'm a little frustrated at this point tho :(	bug report
its ok...wish you could delete messages	feature request
This app is useless can't text it asks me set my system messaging as my default.	bug report
nice and secure basic chat app. has a few weird things that you wont encounter often, but are annoying when you do. you have to give someone your phone number for them to message you. transfering accounts between devices usually doesnt work and i have to restore from a backup on yhe new device. for some reason, its impossible to log into multiple android devices with the same account, but its not an issue with the desktop version.	bug report
Newest update made it horrendous to use	feature request
For some reason this app is no longer allowing me to post videos, even the ones that are less than 60 seconds as required. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, as well as restarted my phone but to no avail. Please fix this.	bug report
Scrolling found gifs slows the entire app down. Video resolution is probably still 240p in 2021. And it will stay so in 2022. Also in 2021 resolution of sent images and videos is scaled down to very poor quality. And that also won't change in 2022.	bug report
I can't find the icon for text now on my phone	bug report
App is easy to navigate and use. Very much recommend it.	irrelevant information
Already having a bad experience with this app. Was using it to communicate with my scout troop and it just randomly deleted my account for no reason. It was also a pain to set up just to have that happen.	bug report
It's a decent app when your in a pinch. But I feel they can make it better even though it's. "free". But I've been using it as my main for a while, missed or couldn't make a lot of calls but the same time Made a couple of calls with the app	feature request
delay. Very dissatisfied with what is happening with Skype	bug report
Latest update crashes the app	bug report
AMOLED mode no longer works please fix I can't stand the grey or white	bug report
When I tried to sign in it wont let me because im 10 years old. But it says	bug report
Misleading	irrelevant information
Pretty darn good most of the time. Definitely good-great reception way more than bad. Got the sim card (free service version(but I do pay the 5$ a year to keep number and get confirmation code texts), so internet sux) and even get a vast majority of calls/texts and able to make/send calls/texts when away from wifi.	irrelevant information
New dark mode makes it harder to read things. Please do research about things like astigmatism before making dumb changes that make it difficult for people to use	feature request
Textnow is kind of good but i called on of my friends and they couldn't hear me.	bug report
Good but some gliching	bug report
Not available in india. Thank you very much!!!	irrelevant information
No points earning option, Free calls are only for Us and Canada, They doesn't let any other countries people to use it	bug report
It's decent. My job uses it	irrelevant information
This is great for groups who communicate a lot but don't want to do group texts. You can even post events with RSVPs. But it is hard to find events later if your group communicates very frequently.	feature request
This app doesn't seem to be working anymore, I try to make a call and it just hangs on connecting. I have full wireless connectivity and it will never connect. Tried closing and opening the app tried uninstall and reinstalling with no success. Hasn't worked since 10/30/23, it just hangs at "connecting...". The application is up to date, I have full signal and connection is good. I even tried to uninstall and reinstall with no success. I just get a message saying cannot connect to Is server.	bug report
I like it when I can get on. Thank you & God Bless you!!!	irrelevant information
Used to be good but now the ads are so bad it can keep you from actually using the app.	bug report
Very difficult to navigate. Adding friends is gardz deleting them even harder. No thanks	bug report
I absolutely loved discord but after the most recent update I can't and don't use it at all anymore. I recieve no notifications from anyone, and the UI is insufferable to look at. I hope it changes back. No amount of free nitro or new additions is going to make me want to come back if the UI stays like this	feature request
it won't let me receive my messages! at all I dunno what's wrong with it but its not really working and can you guys please fix it this is important to me	bug report
The new layout is gross. Y'all made it so much harder to navigate, the only thing at all that I'd say is good is the swipe-to-reply function, but even then I would GLADLY trade that for the ability to swipe left to see the server members and stuff again. I wish you would have at least given us the option to keep the old layout. 0/10 please put it back.	feature request
annoying. I feel that the hungry, energetic company that started it all	irrelevant information
not bad but I sometimes dont get notifications and I either have to mute the whole chat or make sure I remembered to turn the notifs on. in addition, when I get messages, I will have read them, but it will still read as new messages and that I havent read them	bug report
Good app and all but my MMS won't come through	bug report
The app won't even sync either my contacts or sync with the conversations I was in before on this app. I signed out and now cannot even access chats I'm in on this account on the computer.	bug report
Great app but you can't delete old groups so your Groupme can get crowded.	feature request
I want Skype to do more things now	feature request
New mobile UI not good, also i have several issues with the app. Sometimes i can't open it, or when i send something to channel a, it'll appear on channel b	bug report
ok-ish for international calls... ...not sure if it is app or dodgy internet. regardless over all it works and it is free so plus points from my point of view	irrelevant information
Constantly receiving Chinese spam messages even by following Microsoft's instructions to remove my profile from the search. Why allow messages from people off my contact list with no way to disable it? They just keep creating new accounts and spamming me even if I block and report for abuse. Just use discord this app is a joke.	bug report
Have trouble contacting my friends and they have trouble contacting me.	bug report
Doesn't work near as good as the other apps. Zero stars	bug report
i did all that . uninstalled. restarted, none of it worked. but its working now. thanks.	bug report
Great way to connect with groups you create. Nice interface. Simple to use.	irrelevant information
New UI is ugly and laggy, and I can no longer revert it. IDK why tech companies feel the need to do this so much, but think about this: would you like if I came into your house and completely changed the furniture layout every month or so? I wouldn't, and I don't like this. Uninstalling.	feature request
I need help finding out which email is attached to my phone number so I know where to look for this password reset email. I use GroupMe for work. I've been having this issue for months.	bug report
Don't work in Iran for about 2 year. miss you textnow :(	bug report
Installs other apps without my permission	irrelevant information
Give us back video chat! And why did you take our video chat!?	feature request
new ui sucks but I mainly use discord on my laptop where it doesn't that works fine	irrelevant information
Extremely slow. takes almost a minute just to load the app. This app has been going downhill for the last year. Sad	bug report
I wonder when Skype will fix the volume of shared audios/videos.	bug report
Texting worked on my LG V30 but voice calls do not connect. Calling out I would hear one ring on my side then the call was immediately dropped. When getting a call in my phone would ring but when call was answered the call would drop immediately. On the phone making the call you can hear the ring but when call was answered it would just go back to a dial tone. Reading other reviews it sounds like textnow has been around for several years but it is still not ready for Prime Time. Free texting yes but the free calling part still needs work. Also I never thought they could put so many ads at once on such a little screen. Phone ran hot too.	bug report
Network problem only	irrelevant information
The app stopped pushing notifications to my phone weeks ago. Still nothing fixed despite all the comments/reviews regarding this issue. Found nothing online to alleviate this as well	bug report
Unable to transfer data to new device. On new device the transfer option is grayed out.	bug report
Keeps getting worse and worse. Please just bring back old discord display and keep the darker mode🔥🔥	feature request
Nice app but it not working on my phone anymore 👹👹	bug report
Please provide access 🔗 with Google photos app to attach the photo.	irrelevant information
Very good app need more feature in near future	feature request
No technical problems.	irrelevant information
The app is amazing but i think you guy's need to fix it..i don't what has happened but it's really hard to use the app now days	bug report
Works great unless your wifi is bad	bug report
Too invasive!	irrelevant information
I just switched between my messages to get the verification code and back to Signal to enter the code and it cleared off my screen. And when I hit continue it says I have to wait almost 20 minutes to try again. WTH man?	bug report
It's there when I need it!	irrelevant information
Phone calls through the app are rarely stable. Most the times the other party cannot hear me on inbound calls and it is half and half on outbound calls. This is while being on my home network which is a premium subscription with high throughput.	bug report
I see what happened to Whatsapp and see similar patterns with Signal. None of the developers respond to my messages. I posted a 5 star review when I first got this app. Now I am unsure about this, why is there no option anymore to change my safety number between other Signal users? That change as well as no longer supporting SMS seems very shady to me, and reminds me of the direction Whatsapp took before we discovered that it was no longer safe as well. Since Moxie stepped down, app has degraded	feature request
It's a great app , vc works everytime for me	irrelevant information
It has a ton of bugs and doesn't send a lot of my messages.	bug report
It's been great so far. Honestly no complaints just not sure I'm committed enough to give a 5 star. But great app and it works extremely well for large teams and work environments.	irrelevant information
There must be no time limit of one hour	feature request
Sometimes ITS hard to hear the person on the other end. I also seem to be missing 60% OF all my calls and 80% of messages. Not happy. Plus my bank was charged again for another month of service. I don't recall putting in my credit card info. just my debit. I am having a hard time finding the option to remove/change the card information. IS it located in the Google play store application?	bug report
I lost my number, the app says I need update but I just reinstalling 😭	bug report
I, for some reason today, was logged out of my account so I changed my password to get back in. Apparently my number was released but I never got a warning message about it and i had used the number afew hours ago. If I would have known that would happen I would have done something to keep it now I lost tons of messages that mean alot to me and I wish I could get them back so im rating this app two Stars because of this	bug report
Joined a new conversation and won't allow me to comment. Keeps showing error.	bug report
There's a problem in delivery of messages. Even if the wifi is working properly the messages do not get delivered. Same thing happens at the other end also	bug report
this app is gettin' worse...	bug report
No notification of call until app is opened.. but call quality is brilliant	bug report
Becareful . I was told they do not sell anything. They are chat line only. It said I won a new phone just pay shipping. Said 2.99 for shipping charged my card 4.99 instead. A couple days later tried to charge my card 99.99 but I had called bank on 4.99 charge so they stopped the 99.99 be careful. I contacted Microsoft and was told chat not sell things and they took care of it. Well just got another notice I won. Beware!!!!!	irrelevant information
Great app to help your team communicate.	irrelevant information
The app needs an update and maybe replace whatsapp.	feature request
This service has always worked great for me no.matter when or where i use it.	irrelevant information
Group me is a great way to keep up with your group!	irrelevant information
Lately If I don't have the app open I won't get notifications for messages immediately. Most of the time it takes 30 minutes to 5 hours for the notification that someone messaged me.	bug report
Great app if you pay the $5 to lock number and stop ads but it functions fine with free number it just shows ads after every call and sometimes text but with free number you can't receive verification codes	feature request
I am sorry but The experience only dipped after the recent update. The interface is so choppy. How Unfortunate that I was thinking it to be due to my phone until I can to report that I witnessed so many reports. Fix it ASAP. Or else I'll have to uninstall it. I am also a nitro member regularly so.... I guess you'll miss a loyal customer. Sorry.	bug report
This is by far the worst free texting and calling app it plays advertisements while your trying to make a phone call you can't hear anything but the add.	bug report
They give you minutes and it doesn't give you many and all the calls coming from random people and bill collectors use up all of your minutes. i had 60 then when i came back i had about 18 missed calls and ZERO minutes. Worst Text free app ever!	bug report
Please keep sms on android or I have no reason to keep signal.	feature request
The person I call never hear me and I get charged anyway	bug report
I can't seem to get my mic to work in voice channels through servers. I'm not sure why because I've even tried doing what the manual or whatever says to do. Nothing. I've tried fixing the audio setting. Nothing. I've even tried uninstalling and reinstalling discord to see if it would work. Can you guess? Nothing. My mic works in dm calls but not in voice channels through servers. Besides that I guess it's fine. Idk how to fix this problem though.	bug report
Too many ads  Too many ads!!!!!!!!!! Too many ads Too many ads!!!!!!!!!! Too many ads Too many ads!!!!!!!!!! Too many ads Too many ads!!!!!!!!!! Too many ads Too many ads!!!!!!!!!!	irrelevant information
Great but needs video upload for androids	feature request
Have had limited success with App. bc no one else uses Skype for personal communication anymore. I don't, obviously, use IOS OS like 99% of most cell and tablet users.	irrelevant information
A lot of the time the app crashes on devices other than a computer. I rarely get my notifications also. Thank you. Update: They have fixed the crashes, and I get my notifications now. Thank y'all so much!!! Great FREE app!!!	bug report
I am using the android app for this app and ita not allowing me login. Even after changing password for 20 times it shows me wrong password. Please send and update for this android app	bug report
A piece of trash i tried every possible way of signing up and still cant get in, useless.	bug report
emojis don't display for some reason, otherwise great! keep it private!!!	bug report
Sadness. Screenshots lock not woking .	bug report
The reason I'm giving this 4 stars is because finding the emojies can start getting hard if you have joined servers with custom emojies PLEASE FIX THIS.	feature request
So until recently I have had zero complaints but as of late I have not been able to get logged in and now that I have gotten logged in it gave me a new number....although I am still logged in with my original number on my other phone, so now I have to use 2 different numbers for the same email address.	bug report
I emailed them 3 times not once have i gotte n a reply	bug report
Not sure how secure it is but i can only send one picture at a time and a lot of times, i have to go back and resend because it says that it failed to send. Went back to the default app on my phone. That one send several pics at a time and rarely fails to send.	bug report
It drops out, video picture very poor, some times voice never works.	bug report
New update causes multiple posts of messages and frequent crashes. Please fix asap	bug report
Don't get notifications no matter how my settings are. I have changed it many times but constantly have issues	bug report
This is a great app but they don't allow LTE sad	feature request
Need to be able to get free minutes	feature request
This is a great app l've ever used especially when I had to contact my friends and family from other countries	irrelevant information
very useful for me and recommend it to friends and family to use this app	irrelevant information
This apps okay but for a good phone	irrelevant information
I paid on the 28th of June 2023 and you have sniped my credit card on 4 different occasions I tried to login and now it's saying I have no account. Why are you trying to committ fraud?	bug report
at time. Sometimes I get messages only when I explicitly open skype app.	bug report
The message app is good	irrelevant information
I use discord every day and I used to love the interface but now it's confusing, anything but intuitive, and annoying. Fix it	feature request
It's great because mostly everyone is really nice and it's just a good place to chill	irrelevant information
I have been using this for awhile but since Sept no messages in or out are working 😕 can you fix? I don't want to get another app	bug report
So far so Really good, a few features r2b installed soon for further future inspection .. 5 is looking close behind!✌	irrelevant information
The new UI update completely ruined the apps functionality for me. The app is now much harder to navigate and barely functional. It takes ages to initially load, and even then, chats don't update when they should and show an unintelligible mishmatch of up to date and out of date messages in my server feeds.	bug report
Crashes my phone when Im on video calls. My phone fully turns off and restarts each time. It also won't load messages on my wireless network until I fully shut down/reopen the app. It's an on and off issue that's reappeared every few patches.	bug report
I don't like the new UI, I prefer the old UI, it makes me very confused, I used to really like Discord because of the cool vibes, and it's easy, now it's very complicated	feature request
Account disabled for Terms of Use Violation even though I didn't even make a phone call or text yet. I think the app is broken.	bug report
Please add a removing participants confirmation....	feature request
Won't send me the pin to activate my account	bug report
Stop changing stuff, it was good before ffs. Why do we need to click 2 buttons to open files when it was 1 before?	feature request
good app...not. ... was great at first then dropped call after dropped call happened...I mean I could be right under my router and it's just echo City .... fellers get it together.	bug report
Much better than Whatsapp or Vibr. More reliable and most importantly it's not spyware like the two just mentioned.	irrelevant information
Perfect platform for the workplace	irrelevant information
It has been perfect this far.	irrelevant information
Sometimes slow ig	irrelevant information
It was so great to use but then it just randomly stopped opening. I've done everything, restarted my phone, cleared cache, deleted and reinstalled, yet nothing works, please fix this.	bug report
i loved discord, but support only replied with "clyde" telling me i broke TOS (without saying how) two seperate occasions, and now I need phone verification? this used to be simple, browser based, and moderated. now I cant even talk to a human or use it without a phone mumber.	bug report
Control of other groups I'm not of the chat and my phone chimes.	feature request
Very good I rate it this because it's just a communication app better than most other top 3-5 but honestly it's terrible	bug report
Service isn't good but it's ok	irrelevant information
Very buggy and not user friendly. Recently, I have to restart my phone after each call, because the notification of a call is stuck. I'm using it just because the sound quality is decent.	bug report
App would be great if it actually notified me regularly when people post. I keep having to uninstall and reinstall it to receive notifications again. PLEASE FIX THIS.	bug report
Good app for communication. No bugs, limited features. Honestly, though, I only use it for one group of people, so while there are perks with the app, such as sending ability of GIFs, I would almost rather just go with using Groupme via text. It's good, you mainly just have to know the information for your people (phone #), and know who you want to talk to. Not amazing for finding people to talk to.	irrelevant information
This update sucks give us our old discord back.	feature request
It says it sent the messages but then I call the person I sent it to and they said they never got it and idk if I am getting their message either	bug report
I find the experience refreshing and more easier to engage with people. The platform is well received!	irrelevant information
Kept saying I can't sign in because of wrong password. I resetted my password multiple times. I am able to sign on on browser	bug report
How come we can't stream movies or TV shows anymore. 🙄	feature request
The discord is not working because i cant join to any group and i cant change my picture profile and lastly icant use the gmail when i deleted my account please fix this app	bug report
No comparison with WhatsApp in terms of functionality and ease of use. Signal is a real clunker.	irrelevant information
App doesn't work pictures and videos don't load	bug report
All my groups just disappeared and don't say the issue has been resolved because I Uninstalled and reinstalled and even restarted my phone and all my groups are still missing!	bug report
It is super slow always shuts down and adds are so bad	bug report
This app is pure garbage	bug report
This update so cool 😎 be release fast for all	irrelevant information
Great photo and video on quality	irrelevant information
Great app to use for group text and doesn't show so many ads.	irrelevant information
Search result function doesnt jump to the comment	bug report
My Samsung S20fe keeps notifying me for past 3 days, ⁸that this app has a bug and keeps shutting down then I have to restart my phone I just tried Uninstaller the app and uploaded again. We'll see from here if it works or not. Will update either way in 24-48 hours after reinstall.	bug report
Its great for chatting and other things but there are some young kids are using discord and screaming its pretty anoying but u can block and deafen them and thats a great feature i've been using discord past 3 years and its good but u could add more features like voice changer background and other more things but this is a great app for over 13+ make games for discord when u are bored and nothing to play so add that	feature request
Very nice app to be honest,I love those people who made my day in discord 🥲	irrelevant information
Useless for 2 factor authentication	bug report
Freezes up alot and wont allow you to restart it without restarting your phone	bug report
if not opted jus a mild sound. I'm unable to recognize if there is a msg	bug report
I am not techy like my group from mi	irrelevant information
Discord is a good app, but.. The report does not work Why? I reported a user who is under age, aka a minor, and he did not get banned please fix ur report discord also if I was u I add proof and then u can upload the proof of the user breaking tos.	bug report
Great app but nothings perfect	irrelevant information
I been having messaging problems with this app. IM always connected to wi-fi and the app never allow me to submit my messages bc it says IM not connected even though I am. I love this app would give it a 5 but it's been messing up lately.	bug report
Every time I make a call, its ends at 26-30sexonds. Even though I havd minutes.	bug report
MY ACCOUNT GOT HACKED.	bug report
Great connection and audio but it's hard putting call in speaker phone and the dialpad and the buttons sucks	bug report
They make it very difficult for you to close your account.	bug report
Great app, easy to use with great features my favorite is being able to schedule mute notifications like during the night.	feature request
At first the app was the best until the speaker got quite and people can barley hear me	bug report
I just don't like the fact it keeps changing ur number ,bearly when I'm learning my number when it's changed	bug report
I live in a rural area and this text now really helps.	irrelevant information
Sometimes calls don't go through Call drops after 24 hours Right now the app doesn't seem to work. Could not call each other at all.	bug report
Need to clear the ones I don't want	feature request
Was very unclear how many minutes you get initially	bug report
Its the worst app after updating	bug report
Great app, but I don't know how to add my friends to my contacts list.	feature request
Great conceptually but flawed in execution. the app is great for group messaging but the app often fails to give notifications. I have missed several time sensitive messages due to this. If notifications were improved the app would ne great.	bug report
It cuts off occasionally	bug report
It's okay could be better has its flaws	irrelevant information
shetty but I have to use it for family talk. keeps connecting or updating or whatever it doing so slow to connect I don't think my wifi is problem even on data sending message takes zillion years to be seen	bug report
Works as described would recommend to anyone who wants a better chat experience	irrelevant information
Worked fine at first. The ads were annoying because the sound from them would go over the top of any other app even when the app wasn't being used (just open in the background). Then I didn't use it for a week. And they inactivated my number. The terms say 30 days for inactive. I have tried multiple times to get a new number. But still can't send any texts. So, it's useless. I was just using the free version to test it. But I certainly wouldn't pay for an app where the free version doesn't work.	bug report
this is a great way to reach out and talk with all of the staff members that work on our unit. I love this and if someone asks for something then whoever knows where it is at they can tell you and everyone else so that we all know.	irrelevant information
hie, im having troubles in signing up, if i receive a confimation code, the application freezes and i have to start entering my number again. Can you help me?	bug report
notificstion not working on icon	bug report
I can't stand the bugs	bug report
Calls don't hear at first. It takes a second call for the other person to hear you. Fix it!	bug report
Its been great! Best app to communicate!	irrelevant information
why cant i lower my volume while calling people? it does not even allow minimum rater 3 steps from lowest who the heck wanna listen to that call sound in the middle of the night. horrible app stop preventing me from change the system volume has nothing to do with your application	bug report
good,. but devs need to make it retroactive in the sense that when a new contact is added to a group chat they are able to access all previous conversations hitherto. Or at least code admin options to allow permissions to unveil previous content.	feature request
Once I figured out how to edit the settings this app is pretty neat. I was getting double notifications for each text message, but now I only get the Group Me notification. It works very easily (after understanding the settings) & I'm happy to have it. No ads yet!	feature request
As an online teacher, i enjoy using Skype for all my classes with my students home and abroad.	irrelevant information
Everytimd I open Skype it says Skype is. Not responding and I don't know why and it's annoying because I can't text my friends	bug report
Everything is good. I have no enough experience to make my decision about this app.	irrelevant information
Ever since this new update, I've had to uninstall and reinstall this app multiple times, due to not getting messages from achived groups (see the notification). I just wanted the groups hidden, not my access to seeing the messages in the achived groups.	bug report
skype is amazing but i don't agree with the charging people to call what if its an emergency	feature request
kept turning off	bug report
Nice when you can't pay for your phone to be turned on but just sucks that you could only use it over Wi-Fi and usually your calls or drop you don't get very good signal	bug report
Free calling doesn't work for everyone call uses minutes and doesn't go through then I have to get strange apps to get more minutes. Give me back the wasted minutes where I kept saying can you hear me hello. Then I will give u a 5 stars. Texting is great !	bug report
I really enjoy signal all the time	irrelevant information
Unable to chat to anyone checked settings and uninstalled and re installed but same problem need advice	bug report
Ever since the most recent mobile update, this app which I use for most of my daily communications is almost unusable. It has many problems, glitches and freezes constantly, the UI is designed for seemingly nobody who exists on earth. Very disappointed, hope to see things fixed in the future	bug report
It was trash I could not check my credit card balance over the phone trash I don't know why you allowing these comments about these apps	irrelevant information
Not dependable at all. You may get a message days after being sent.	bug report
I like this app and the service it provides with the exception that it makes my phone freeze up all the time. I had this app years ago, on another phone, and it did the same thing. The large, data-gulping ads that they run in the app overtax the phone's processor so much that it can't do anything else. Surely there must be a fine line between running ads and proper functionality? UPDATE AFTER DEVELOPER RESPONSE: So how exactly does someone take a "screen recording" within an app?	bug report
Group Me is reliable and convenient! I use it for church group communications all the time. Highly recommend checking it out for any and all group communications.	irrelevant information
Too many commercials and b s to go through just to use phone. Find wifi that doesn't take a code, then how long commercials bla bla not worth it but thank u for the experience.	irrelevant information
In another server, it's telling me to verify. It's like my 8th verification on Discord, and when it tells me to put my phone number, it says there's an existing account with that number. IT'S MY ACCOUNT THOUGH! can I have some advice?	bug report
good but don't use enough to rate	irrelevant information
Very embarrassing! I created an amazing Canadian phone number. But it had been changed by the strange system of this app! Give me a chance to sort the number and make it be not changed!	bug report
Nice please release more app like sim games	irrelevant information
Lotes of ads	irrelevant information
I donloaded this on my tablet it worked great and than my tablet broke and i gotba phone and it does not work	bug report
I'm OK with it	irrelevant information
The texting is fine the phone has a delay which sucks	bug report
I'm a battleing cancer thyroid lymphoma	irrelevant information
You dont take my email so I use a different app	bug report
Every time I go to "partner offers", it starts to pop them up, then glitches and returns back to the home screen... wtf? Sent help rq on pinger site, and nothing, not even a response... pls fix! I'm NOT buying minutes at those prices, either... you wanna do $0.01 per min, MAYBE... also, msgs don t pop up like they should.	bug report
Tree Lu	irrelevant information
Basically every single app is doing a better job. Better call quality, better app design, better connectivity. It is really surprising how microsoft doesn't care about it. Like at all!	irrelevant information
I guess I'm a robot for not trying to fix animals that look like they are having a great time together	irrelevant information
It's fine app.	irrelevant information
My contacts don't work so I found this app and it's so awesome the reason why I gave it a three star is because this app needs to be upgraded it's wifi is slow😡 but it makes me happy and I'm blessed for this app	feature request
Too many ppl wanting explicit chat not interested	irrelevant information
Use it for all my messaging as well as for our church.	irrelevant information
I can't make phone calls with it	bug report
It was good. Now I can't send text internationally .	bug report
Works well. Easy to set up. I paid for ad free. I think it will be worth it. The app looks really well. It almost looks as good as Googles phone and texting app. Havn't made any calls or text yet, so don't know how well it's going to work.	irrelevant information
Never works well when you actually need it.	bug report
The group me Emojis disappeared	bug report
Don't always get notifications even when not in mute	bug report
There's been hate to ui changes before but I've always liked them or seen what the goal was. This one is bad. No amount of support articles will make up for it. It's congested and convoluted feeling. I have nearly entirely stopped using discord mobile because of this update.	feature request
I used to use this app alot, and i liked it. Now, not so much. I wished there was a way to change your Skype name instead of it automatically being "live:[first part of your email]". I think there should be an option to change your name and not have an automatically generated one.	feature request
Discord is good and all, but it keeps crashing and theres still plenty of bugs	bug report
I can't log in. Unable to connect but i have internet connection.	bug report
After recent update everything is messed up I can't even see messages or stickers	bug report
Show good picture	irrelevant information
Hard to find contacts. Why can't this be like the contacts in the phone app with a clear list of previous calls and the ability to select not only a record but also the associated contact in order to call an alternative number?	feature request
chats on S7. Tried everything.	bug report
Just downloaded the app and already had 3 different numbers texting me	bug report
I keep recharging it but Skype is not giving me the balance and taking the money out of my bank. It's a fraud.	bug report
Excellent trans atlantic hook ups with family members. Works very well as advertised! Highly recommended.	irrelevant information
You shouldn't need a phone number	irrelevant information
Yeah here is very lags and it takes so time to load and there is no any animation added	bug report
I liked old version better. I could delete whole conversation. At once	feature request
Best chatting platform 🗿🍷	irrelevant information
Horrible needs a bank card for service not free at all	irrelevant information
Works fine. However, the fact that I have to send an email to support just to change my phone number is ridiculous.	feature request
Its good but i advised to added background change function	feature request
new layout/UI is terrible	feature request
lots of ads but very convenient.	irrelevant information
It won't ring on incoming calls and messages	bug report
It is what it is and does what its supposed to do i mean you get a second number of your choice which can be very usefull if you run an add in a local newspaper and you dont want your main number to become affected also you can change your number at anytime and best of all its free.	irrelevant information
Am not able to download recorded Skype videos in Samsung s7 tab	bug report
Is kinda complicated app	irrelevant information
It's useful, but I cannot delete myself from previous groups that I'm no longer a part of, unless, the group creator deletes me themselves. That's what needs to be improved on this app.	feature request
I love this app! So easy for our family to stay connected 😃	irrelevant information
Currently the best chat app for gamers, but the new interface is complete trash and whoever designed it needs to be fired. If I wanted Facebook Messenger's interphase, I would have used Facebook Messenger. To add insult to injury, on top of looking horrible, the new interphase is constantly breaking, which causes the server list to not load and video calls now look like an extremly low quality crop job rather than a rescale.	feature request
This app is terrible, and I mean do mean terrible, about sending gifs. Half the time the videos fail to send too...even when it's under 30 seconds. Which by itself it also terrible..	bug report
theres no iz then	irrelevant information
Bugs out often, but I use it	bug report
Amazing app for friends and roblox use. I use for roblox jobs communication, and I just love it but 4 stars because sometimes it acts up.	feature request
It's a good app, but my calls always drop. So inconvenient, texts work fine though , please fix this!!	bug report
I'm annoyed your not sending my messages	bug report
They changed the app so it's kinda buns now. Old functionality was good and easy but now they changed everything. This app also auto-rotates with no way to turn it off so if you lay on your side it just goes horizontal	bug report
I can't hear when screen off or out of the app. Is it just me, or is your function changed?	bug report
Slow ugly glitchy huge monster.	irrelevant information
Great experience using this app! Our church uses this as a means of disseminating information between our members and it works great! I've never had any issues with this app!	irrelevant information
Not letting me change my banner when I have nitro.	feature request
To many ads and had a lot of problems	bug report
Overall this app is amazing, I like the fact that you can have separate usernames due to the numbers but I give it 4 stars cause apparently y'all are changing that? Why?- ur just making it harder for ppl to find others- it's kinda stupid- also people can't figure out creative usernames Like others can, it'll end up ppl deleting the app most likely- The past few updates made the app a little more difficult 💀 I can't even change my password if I end up forgetting it unless I log out-	feature request
SO HARD TO LOG IN AFTER 4 MONTHS LIKE LEGIT HALP I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO	bug report
The new UI update really killed it for me. Bring back old UI!	feature request
Great app for our group	irrelevant information
Good app needs another locking chat in your main chats	feature request
I will have to find out	irrelevant information
Keeps dropping calls and won't ring or show I'm getting a call says missed call afterwards strange !!	bug report
whats wrong ?	bug report
There's a slight learning curve to building servers if that's what you're looking to do. But overall the experience is simple and easy, it is very user-friendly and a great app. They don't have ads at all (2023), and don't push you to pay to support the application. There's many amazing things that can be done within this app. The integration of bots and apps is amazing. Both voice and text chats are well made.	irrelevant information
Apps great but I need help I was playing around adding people as a joke cuz I was bored and it had me verify and I used the phone number I used but it won't let me verify and its the only app I use to communicate with my friends and now I can't get it it's a issue because it sucks not having my discord acc.	bug report
After a while all the channels except the last one used disappeared from the server. Have to logout in order to fix. Seems to have gone away now. Update: I have to take away a star. Problem is happening more frequently now. No channels are listed on the server I use, but clearly messages are getting through. The only thing I can do is delete app and reinstall every couple of days. I have several screen caps. Using Google Pixel 6a.	bug report
the app was good till they updated it, its super buggy and now it wont let me send photos anymore, fix your app and listen to the people giving you money please 🤡	bug report
With ads now - ridiculous	bug report
No problems and very easy to use. very good	irrelevant information
Great app for keeping good communication in a group such as a class or social circle.	irrelevant information
Can't download App on my phone😭😭😭	bug report
Do not trust this app it slows down your entire phone drops calls every time an ad pops up while you're in the middle of a call this is really the worst app I've ever dealt with it screws up your phone your phone starts going to haywire	bug report
I HATED IT! This app gave my iPad a VIRUS and it wouldn't let me open the app! EVERY TIME I TAPPED OPEN THE APP IT KICKED ME OFF!!! I wound NOT recommend for ANYONE	bug report
Whats wrong with skype why its always has an update... Grr bit annoying already	bug report
This app is really good for talking to your friends on. I like this. It's great.	irrelevant information
Couldn't sign in	bug report
Since the update I can no longer send pictures or gifs	bug report
Works like a regular phone	irrelevant information
There is bug in this app which makes my phone Reboot very often. I updated the app but the problem got more worse. Now i have problem in making calls, video delay, audio loss. I had given this feedback many times in d app bt the issue isnt resolved. I hope that after writing here my problems are solved	bug report
Sometimes i have to re down load the app just to get the msg	bug report
I have a problem, I sent a picture of a plane to my friend and it won't send and I can't even delete it, I can't send videos and pictures to anyone else because it's still loading	bug report
Great way to connect!	irrelevant information
It is ok😞😢😥😰	irrelevant information
This app isn't working properly.Can't even enter to the app.	bug report
Says not a valid recipient for pics but works wen jus sending text	bug report
what the genuine f-k did they do to the app	feature request
My nitro got stuck. It had to end in 31st of the December, but it didn't. I can't buy nitro and it keep giving errors. I can't cancel it.	bug report
Turns out I had sound all the way down, sorry! I think I found a new bug though; it might be because I have it so my pc receives audio, but whenever I open a voice chat it prevents any and all audio connection over bluetooth. RE: I'm using bluetooth to connect with my pc, not wifi or mobile data. Entering a voice chat on mobile is keeping any audio from playing on my pc via bluetooth. I believe it might be the same with headphones that connect the same way.	bug report
Group me is glitchin. Wont load old chats. Uninstalled it then reinstalled it. Now it wontlet me log in	bug report
Have to delete each and every sentence manually one by one in a chat. Does not have feature to select more that once sentence to delete. Also can't fine clear chat feature to clear conversation all at once.	feature request
HORRIBLE. I tried to make a new account since this HORRIBLE app won't let me log into my own account. So I then try to make a new account and.. IT DOESNT WORK AND I EVEN MADE A MEW GMAIL AND EVERYTHING. FIX YOUR HORRIBLE APP	bug report
I am not receiving any calls from Kingston Ontario Canada 🍁 🇨🇦 I don't know why? All other calls are fine except for this area of Ontario?	bug report
NO PRIVACY. SOMEONE HAS MY PHONE NUMBER for THEIR PURPOSES TO USE. I FEEL VOILATED HAVING PULLED UP THE APP ONLY TO FIND I CANT HAVE ONE UNDER my good name:((	irrelevant information
Had it but uninstalled it	irrelevant information
beautifull ap	irrelevant information
There's a peculiar bug - Skype cloned some of contacts in my address book tens of times	bug report
I havent used long but def. worth having for more information then usual controlled sights	irrelevant information
Voice low and please we need call time on the call popup	bug report
Well I updated your ignorant behind app and the service went from bad to hella-bad😡 MISSED CALLS, ECHOING, ROBOCALLS, DROPPED CALLS etcetera on and on. I no longer tell people to call ONLY TEXT since they can't telephone me....... and YOU STILL SUCK IN QUALITY & SERVICE!	bug report
Excellent. Line is always so clear as if the person is in the next room in spite of the long distance between us.	irrelevant information
This is the best app i ever used bunch of servers to create man i always use this app	irrelevant information
picture clarity is blur	bug report
not satisfied. just sticking for the sake of office uses	irrelevant information
It's super sentitve to the connection, very difficult to use sometimes	bug report
SCAM. Do NOT download this. Literally garbage and probably just a data mining scam. It will randomly disable your account for zero reason. Garbage.	irrelevant information
I've had to uninstall the app because I can't clear missed call notifications.	bug report
This app suck I just giving 2 stars because it shows somee good meme But this too much hang I have 1 tb memory But still	bug report
New UI is a big step backwards. The old one was great because the layout was the same as desktop, but formatted for mobile. Now we have to go in and out of multiple menus to get to what was once just a tap or swipe away.	feature request
The eervice is Okey	irrelevant information
Practical. I recommend it. BUT my understanding that SMS is going to be eliminated is saddening. Why do the best of products and services get deleted just when they become the golden goose, the secret sauce? TV programs, operating systems, cars etc suffer same faith. WHY WHY WHY? Please if it ain't broke, leave well alone. A beautiful "Signal" is going to third class. WhatsAnonsence? No. Add the upgrades. Place few unintrusive occasional Ads for revenue, we understand that you need the funds.	feature request
lost significance due to more advanced alternatives and confusing use of the brand Skype	irrelevant information
I think if there was an option to backup chats to Cloud, and it had a less plain or more customizable UI (like WhatsApp) I'm sure MANY more people would join. (It would be a great alternative!)	feature request
This most recent UI update is awful.	feature request
I can't seem to log in to my Discord account because there is an "ultra rare error." I've tried installing and reinstalling the app, and nothing seems to work. Hopefully, I can get some feedback.	bug report
Menu: all former phone call ikons together with my cotacts in one list rather illegible. Anything else is OK.	feature request
I can't get any information or condact with anyone. I don't know why.	bug report
Love it! Miss edit possibility of sent message, though Too many updates to often.	feature request
I try to join groups in Signal will not let me. Everyone else in that group seems to be having no problems at all	bug report
Video pixilated and a lot of background noise.	bug report
It's great for texting, but making phone calls if you don't have good connection it drops calls and makes beeping noise the whole phone call.	bug report
To many ads and to much delays on voice calls and messages.	bug report
I'm disappointed with the upcoming dropping of SMS support.	feature request
Ui & ux is very very bad...	feature request
Low-priced phone calls worldwide...	irrelevant information
Good free phone	irrelevant information
I have to keep re-installing this app every day. It says connecting, almost never sends my messages and shows me a blank screen. Thank you for your suggestions I'll check and get back to you in a couple of days	bug report
Extremely user friendly!	irrelevant information
Only complaint is the ads.	irrelevant information
Used to be great. Not a fan of the update. Running bot commands used to be straightforward , now its a big pile of mess.	feature request
I feel like sometimes it takes awhile to actually send and receive texts then when their actually sent off I've even had a friend next to me help me test that out	bug report
I tried this app and it kept changing my number, would not give me mintues after watching an ad, and i couldnt recieve any messages i would not recommend this app to anyone	bug report
New discord is just dying 🤓	feature request
Forces you to give out a phone number for no reason, the app is not private at all, that's why people switch to Session.	feature request
Wish I could find a data plan worth using this app full time	irrelevant information
Notifications aren't working correctly	bug report
It's not letting me download	bug report
Great app to keep in touch with many people. So much better than group texting and easy to use.	irrelevant information
Stupid UX on send button, try to break habit of user. While all other apps have send in very and of bottom right, you made me tap on location all the time.	feature request
The camera sometimes isn't working despite having a stable connection. I have no problems however if I open Skype on PC.	bug report
pretty decent app only have one complaint when listening to music if you	feature request
In 2 great groups with the best coaches,, the communication is great..love this app...thanks!! :)	irrelevant information
Great app 😕 there is a problem with the emojis tho , I can't edit it and decorate it like i used to , the update ruined it please bring. It back the way it was Ty ♥️	feature request
In a groupme with my two daughters but still would let me join especially after daughter sent the link. Reset my password a number of times was still having a problem logging in.	bug report
would be nice to have a "dark mode" so it wasn't so bright all the damn time"	feature request
1. Can you please remove the ads off of the bottom if the screen?? 2. Can you please let this work without WiFi??? 3. It doesn't work when I'm calling somebody. I can't hear the person on the other end and the person can't hear me even though I put up my volume up all the way. I have to use this app because I don't have any cell service and this is the only way I can text or call. 4. I can't receive or send any videos. I want thus to work as if I had cell service. Can you please fix all of these???	bug report
Can't change images because Signal won't access my file system. Otherwise, I've had no problems.	bug report
Thank you for the latest update	irrelevant information
Don't need it just want to uninstall it..	irrelevant information
Was a good app until today then it stopped sending text messages and making calls. Nothing is working.	bug report
Too easy to lose my messages.	bug report
Perfect for bots only lousy for human beings Great for hookers etc	irrelevant information
Best calling app message app used yet although only been short time will update if things change	irrelevant information
Half your calls and texts don't go thru, and half incoming calls and texts don't come in. Nice to have when it works	bug report
Why i can't download the pdf from who send it in Skype	bug report
I find it easy to use and super helpful for my particular group	irrelevant information
This app is removing SMS functionality and I have no interest in micro-managing my contacts on different apps so it's time to move on. It was great while it lasted, though.	feature request
I am unable to delete a particular message. Other messages delete when I try to delete that one!	bug report
Number of issues, calls drops, hard to hear etc.	bug report
I don't know why there are so many negative reviews for this most recent update. I actually like how everything is more organized now. I'm not experiencing any glitches as opposed to the other reviews. Those who are saying it's counter-intuitive are just not used to change because using discord for the first time was always confusing no matter the person. This update is much better than the major UI update around a year ago.	feature request
I have not used it much but I don't always get a response from the person I'm texting or calling??	bug report
The new Skype update is so bad For IOS and ANDRIOD I would like u guys to CHANGE THE UPDATE.	bug report
your stupid verification is not working how am i supposed to enjoy this	bug report
Excellent app for the purpose of being blocked or keeping your phone number private. I've used it several times and no problems.	irrelevant information
i enjoy using the app, i just wish ,you can delete all the groups that you are no longer with	feature request
This app is not worth the subscription service if I can't have my old number back ..because I no longer have access to my email that number is linked to..I have been hacked and you can't tell if it's me ..unhappy	bug report
keep using a busted app. Oh yeah, and just let us delete chats. The "hide	feature request
My text now app does not ring, or notify me when there is a txt msg or my sms! Why what can I do I believe it is my tablet settings??? The app has not rang once in a year! Why???	bug report
The recent changes to Discord (12/23) make it a really good masterclass on how to destroy de goodwill of your company by forcing a big update that changed the user experience into an unrecognizable mess. The menus don't work as the user expects, the conversations are hidden from where the user found them before, and the overall redesign makes this basically a different app.	feature request
Hi, I am not getting notifications when my phone is on battery saver mode. All the other messaging apps work fine, but not Signal. Having difficulty to communicate.	bug report
New UI makes for a hilariously bad mobile experience. I will be downgrading and never using this awful UI, especially considering Discord clearly doesn't care about its users feedback.	feature request
Discord used to be fairly reliable, would've given 4-5 stars before. However they updated it recently and the new UI is dire, making many features just harder or less convenient to use for no real reason? :/	feature request
The new UI update is ghastly and not *intuitive* at all. Swiping no longer pulls out the sidebar, but instead sets up a reply to whatever message you happen to swipe over. Looking around reveals no *intuitive* way to access the sidebar. Having seen replies to other feedback, I have to stress that long time users should not need a *tutorial* in order to use the app. The point of UI is to function intuitively, and be easy to access. This is not it. Nitro cancelled & uninstalling until fixed.	bug report
My phone is let me to chat with my friends	bug report
I always have an issue where if i make a call then hang up and someone calls me or I call them they can't hear me as if my mic isn't working, which is terribly annoying.	bug report
Works good for our parents keeping in touch	irrelevant information
Great app 4 messaging, voice & video calls. Does group calls/video calls & messaging well & the ability 2 call landlines & cellphones @ low rates is very nice. There r a few problems though - the app sometimes fails 2 extract phone numbers from your mobile's phone book resulting in you not being able 2 make calls 2 cell numbers & landlines. Unfortunately, the user interface is crappy. A number of important options during a call r hidden, e.g. adding people, earpiece to bluetooth switching.	bug report
This app was perfect until they told me they're going to give someone else my number unless I pay $2 a week. I'd go for $2 a year, considering the amount of ads you get using this app.	irrelevant information
If my wifes phone doesn't have service we just use this on wifi nd can still communicate no matter what!!! You have	feature request
Only cuts you off or garbled the call somtimes	bug report
Get worse with every change for years.	bug report
Still receiving messages from group after uninstalling app	bug report
I've had a semi good experience with this... other than the lag time on sending and receiving (upwards of 15 min at times) it's an alright app.	bug report
The new UI is absolutely atrocius... only way this one star review gets back to mu original opinion of 10/10 for discord is to revert back to the old UI. its an nightmare to navigate with. please dont destroy the app but admit a bad decision and revert it.	feature request
Love the private part very nice. Do pass a lot of important message . Thanks Tom	irrelevant information
I changed my comment: the app no longer functions as intended. It crashes constantly, takes forever to connect, the UI looks awful with this current update (206.16) & the auto rotate within the app is actual trash. Every update the app gets worse & no fixes in sight.	bug report
that is very user unfriendly.	irrelevant information
New update doesn't work with Bluetooth headset, it keeps freezing! Have to disconnect just to have a half decent call	bug report
Don't get hacked by unknown developers	irrelevant information
the new update sucks it was amazing and would have gotten a 5 star but not anymore	feature request
Less than intuitive interface. Good deal on unlimited calling when paid by the year.	feature request
It lags horribly and shuts down all the time. I have good experience with textfree apps, but this one is terrible	bug report
I would give this a 5 star, but you can't delete messages. However,  otherwise the app is great.	feature request
My Skype stopped opening suddenly. Pls help again started for 1 week today again stopped (29 / 03 / 23 )	bug report
The new update is awful, the layout is clunky and laggy with no way to change it back. Especially since this was so random too.	feature request
I don't dislike the app but the ads are not OK. There's too many of them and they pop up on purpose so that you could accidently click them. Happens way too often and it's getting annoying so I'll see what other app I can use.	bug report
Wish you can edit post	feature request
Good app no problem very satisfied	irrelevant information
I really like TextNow	irrelevant information
Too slow even on Samsung Galaxy S5 almost with no other apps running	bug report
awesome private site...thanks so much!	irrelevant information
Describe your like I said remove Rylee Newman off my account	irrelevant information
Recent update ruined everything.	bug report
Great for texting friends! And other people you know and joining servers! And meeting new people 10/10 would recommend	irrelevant information
Still get text  after downloading  the app. Updated settings as well no changes  annoying	bug report
Last update was really rough, app is much more buggy now. the redesign fixed problems I never had, and created so many more. Search function is basically unusable	bug report
Much better features than sms, and privacy too!	irrelevant information
please refute intelligibly tucker Carlson's claims without ad hominem attacks (reddit 8====D) textsecure was a great project. also please federate servers... they suck, at least several times per year (and can't be trusted as they are not trustless)	feature request
Really really bad so boring and ugly features	irrelevant information
For new users it's VERY difficult to find the right place to join channels. I get these invites but still don't know where to go and join etc. Although I would love to.	feature request
Speed! It's too damn slow! The calls have been perfect but it's too damn	bug report
its very okay and nice to use	irrelevant information
Want work on galaxy	irrelevant information
Devs illiterate. New update and UI mobile SUCKS. Dont send me a tutorial on how to use your UI. Im well aware how, but when you go from swiping left to see who is online, to have to reconfigure phone grip to click top of screen to see who is online, but i have to cancel the reply i accidently just started... you can see the frustration here with the lot of us. Nobody saying we dont know how to use it. Were saying it sucks in comparison to the classic.	feature request
2017: Good messaging app. Flexible. 2023: I continue to use and rely on GroupMe. Love it.	irrelevant information
what have you done I can't message or post i try to verify but it's not working!	bug report
Cant generate a profile share LINK !!! GUESS ILL GO GET WHATSAP! SCREW MICROSFT..	bug report
The new update looks stupid. It is nowhere near easier to go through. I'd just gotten used to the other update. This one looks ugly and I can't find anything and the layout is awful.	feature request
I love this app you don't have to pay for it	irrelevant information
They make you buy minutes to talk	feature request
Its a good app used to message friends a great features and stuff. On pc the app is fine but on mobile it's so glitchy like everytime I go on discord it says connecting for like 30 secs even tho internet/data is completely fine until I can use it. Whenever I try to send an emoji it glitches out and just makes my phone freeze either that or it makes me restart or crashes. Overall just a glitchy app on phone please fix it. Still good on pc and app features.	bug report
Good service, but yet another bug-infested app from Microsoft. The app has become so unreliable, buggy, unresponsive, loaded with useless features! They need to completely renovate this app and rewrite the codes, or release something better ffs!	bug report
I wish that when I archived chats, they would stay archived instead of popping back into chats all the time.	feature request
After the new update everything got confusing discord started lagging even more and sometimes I can't even dm my friends without closing discord many times and replies would be late sometimes while others are early why did thisupdate have to happen it only made it worse	bug report
no app should ever be this annoying to sign up with or to confirm a meeting invitation with	bug report
Good app, makes conference calls super easy	irrelevant information
Easy to use, very intuitive interface	irrelevant information
needs to better organize its contacts and settings	feature request
Not a fan of new update. I thought I could get used to it but it is objectively worse and is just more obtuse in its use	feature request
For the past few days Skype hasn't been working. (I know I'm not the only one) It's not sending any of my messages and I'm not receiving any messages from my friends. I've tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it but it still won't work. Please do fix the issue soon!	bug report
Idk why every time i reinstall this app...it fails to load my groups ... syncing issue maybe... disappointed.	bug report
Good program all around	irrelevant information
Voice are both clear most important when talking to someone far across the country .Yes easier to call using the app .	irrelevant information
Not even good it is bad and I don't think this should be a app😡🤬🤬	irrelevant information
Magesh	bug report
I hate this app but need it for work. The app runs as other messaging apps do but I hate that I get a notification every single time a new comment is put on a group chat. Other messaging apps will stop notifying after 2 or 3 new comments if I haven't looked at the messages, but this one give me notification every single time. And it is genuinely stressful and distracting me from when I'm working. I know I have messages I haven't looked at, I don't need my phone going ding ding ding ding.	bug report
Time to dump Signal! March 17 it will be another junk app. The new Management has chosed to ruin the app and make it ONLY work with other Signal users. So basically it is WORTHLESS unless you force strangers to all use it!! Thanks for ruining something that we all used to love using!!	irrelevant information
Fantastic free app. Clear calls. Quick connection. Great quality. And lots of extra perks	irrelevant information
Since this new update i cant upload images to the channel i usually upload.... When i select the images i want to upload and press send nothing happens only my comment is going through.	bug report
I can't believe you guys updated the app and changed everything except what was asked by everyone: the switch accounts feature on mobile. Tf.	feature request
Gŕear	feature request
Great connection!!	irrelevant information
Won't let me log back in to by account plus making me verify alot	bug report
Call drop always and it's always lagging and not given me my texts or anything not worth it.	bug report
Great communication app. The only thing that still missing is backup. If for instance I have to reinstall it, I loose all my previous chats which is very unpleasant.	feature request
good app, been using for 4 years :3	irrelevant information
I would rate 5 stars but Signal is getting rid of their SMS messaging and that is what I use this app for, and as I updated the app it has messed up my group chats having people reply in group chats that they are not even apart of. 0 stars	bug report
Except for all the liars, thieves, and fake profiles for scammers, the app is great!!! It works just like it should!!! Smooth transition between conversations and everything!!!	irrelevant information
there is echo n very poor connection to mAke a call n calls r dropped texting is great	bug report
The call quality I have to admit wasn't all that bad however when I'm sending a quality D-pic I expect it to be of the highest quality a app could offer and quite frankly it left me kinda limp	bug report
It needs work but doable. It gets hacked for sure	irrelevant information
Stop forcing the AI garbage on us. Give an option to disable AI entirely so the icons don't waste screen space.	feature request
What happened in the new update? I literally can't use Skype now without it messing up my phone. Lags all the time and can't even send messages in a timely manner.	bug report
Hey, my account kicked me out for no reason, and it says it is deactivated the username is purppx please unban me.	bug report
Handy for group meetings.	irrelevant information
It let me download now! Very good app for chatting with friends. One concern though is I cannot mute music bots? I can mute my friends and people but not the bots in voice channels.	feature request
Nice way for groups to share news	irrelevant information
Is there anyway to go back to the old format? The new update that installed this week is awful! It's not as smooth and is driving me crazy. The menu is not easy to navigate at all. I don't like the channels being at the bottom. I really liked everything being on the side. I could just swipe to what I need. This format doesn't do that.	feature request
Too bad alwys log out me	bug report
It be me has a point i got a new phone. Its letting me sms in the app but	bug report
Simple. Lightweight. Works!	irrelevant information
Can barely use it since the new update. When it lets me know that I have a text and I tried to go into it through there it won't let me it freezes up every time not once how's it going to text now out I have to actually go to the text now app go into it to open it just so I can see the message. That is a major inconvenience is doing so much better before this update so since I can't find a way to get a hold of you guys I put this in here so hopefully for you guys to read this to maybe fix it	bug report
Closes anytime I try sending a picture or gallery image	bug report
very useful app... just wish there 2as a way to delete old conversations.	feature request
My messages aren't coming through in the chats! Very annoying!	bug report
Love the new redesigned Ui idk why people still hate it, and it runs very well im on a cheap xiaomi smartphone and it has no problem. Very good, you should give a try. Now its mobile friendly Good work. Edit: I'll update the review after 1 month of testing	feature request
This app is mind blowing but we need Nitro for some batter experience	feature request
Don't know how to make it work. Asked for refund, switch to other apps.	bug report
Groupme should allow participants to delete their comments without deleting the entire thread.	feature request
This is probably the most poorly coded messaging app in existence. If I could tell you the number of times I've sent a message, only for the message to disappear and not appear sent for a day, or the amount of times I have message delivery failures I'd be here all day. Also you can't copy and paste failed to send messages. So you either have to pray it goes through or type it all again. Or be big brained and screenshot the failed text and send it as a picture.	bug report
It wont let me send pictures but other than that it does the job .	bug report
Can't login. Asked to verify over & over because "we believe you're using automated tools to browse the site". The only automated tools I'm aware of is google who will disable certain permissions due to security concerns.	bug report
Works for groups of people who only text	irrelevant information
I'm grateful that the app does work. The only thing not working for me is volume issues, there's no way to adjust them. When I make a phone call I can barely hear the other person and they have trouble hearing me. Also I customized the notification and ringtones. But whenever someone texts or calls no sound at all is made. It wasn't doing it before I customized too. I have to keep checking my phone for texts or calls. I was hoping maybe technical support can help me with this please? Thank you.	bug report
Using this app on the Pixel 2 phone it hides the number you're dialling. This means you don't know if you dialled the right number.	bug report
Love this app but I don't like how it keeps being laggy in vc when screen sharing. I've tried doing many things, updating it and stuff like that but it just doesn't seem to work. I was also told it keeps cutting out my voice along with others when speaking. If there is a bug for this please try to fix it.	bug report
The video quality is great but the messaging is glitching out and sometimes doesn't send what is written. It's frustrating!	bug report
It works as my ohone connection to my conference number in the USA while I'm working abroad. The screen sharing is choppy. That's my one complaint.	bug report
If I could give zero stars I would. This app has (without warning) erased my # twice. There is no way to call an actual person. This app has caused me to lose many customers therefore losing income.	bug report
It fu ken sucks I've paid my subscription n you wont give me verification codes	bug report
Stop trying to make discord like other social media platforms. It was fine before. But you went and made it worse. Now it's a pain to navigate between my servers and DMs. What was once a single press is several. I want to check who's online. Swipe left. Oops that's reply now. So long years of muscle memory. Now we have to stretch all the way to the top of the phone. What's that in my DMs? Some story type garbage scroller at the top of my screen that no one wants or asked for? Stop it, get help.	feature request
Works great, after trying several bogus apps, this one gets it done.	irrelevant information
If you get the wifi in a good connection area then you will get a connection of the calls to go perfectly well	irrelevant information
This is very kind and I could also call my cousins	irrelevant information
New changes to the UI make it impossible for me to read and access, it's glitchy and will sometimes send messages to other people instead of the ones I CLICKED ON. They won't let you go back to the old UI. And honestly it's been a downgrade. They also disabled YouTube comments because everyone hates this forced change but they are going to force us to get used to it, because screw us, the customers. :)	bug report
I didn't know my password....	irrelevant information
I'm very new. Just learning how to find my way around. So far so good.👍	irrelevant information
Usually an echo with calls. Pictures take a while to load or don't load. None of the stuff for free minutes worked.	bug report
I have used Discord for some time now and I very much enjoy it. Unfortunately the refund policy is shameful, and I'm going into possible debt for it. I received the option for a free trial of Nitro, but afterwards I was charged to continue it and not notified. I contacted support, and was only told that unfortunately they cannot refund "my" purchase because I redeemed codes within 5 days of the it. I was unaware that they'd even charged me for Nitro at the time. Would've given five stars.	bug report
The app doesn't not work at all It's keeps asking if am human and doesn't verify the phone number it's annoying	bug report
I don't know my discord is not showing most of the servers I'm in. I'm not happy with the change please fix it.	bug report
Good enough to trust, but not for amazing.	irrelevant information
the current version of the app is barely usable and it's highly frustrating	bug report
I like this app with being able to talk to someone without having to worry about people being able to hack into our conversations and know what myself and someone else are talking about. For just ONCE, I like to know that my privacy is being respected! However, unlike when I was on WhatsApp, I can't tell when my other party is online until they message me. You NEED to give us a way to know when our contacts are online PLEASE! 🙏🏻🤞🏻🥹	feature request
Its a decent messaging app but I don't get notifications 80% of the time and some conversations are stuck "loading" even when connected to WiFi.	bug report
Can't STAND how swiping is for replies instead of viewing server members and search. We already HAD a way to reply.	feature request
No ads but really slow on my s23	bug report
Works fine. Update 10/12/18: For some strange reason as a PAID member, i'm getting ads when I open and use the app. I'd also like to mention that it crashes more frequently than I'd like it to. I have tp close out and reopen the app, sometimes force close it to make a phone call. That's not what i'm paying for.	bug report
Please add chat lock and username features.	feature request
Before the New layout i would give 5 stars but now? I can't change back to the old layout and I hate the New one. Fix this please	feature request
Fix it and i will rate it 5 stars	bug report
Location sharing is irrating while pressing send button become its just below the send button and its accidentally pressing. Why cant hide the button in more options.	feature request
Besters, best chat app ever	irrelevant information
Still yes I'm just trying a new app noting else to do while I'm in route to work	irrelevant information
App does not work correctly in Redmi devices..no notification sound is given by the app when notification received..and it's not working in slow networks. Dev must take serious this on and find out the issues..	bug report
I have some issue when i enter my phone number it say *Unable Send Sms" i Check it it was correct number please fix this issue thank you	bug report
Well balanced game...	irrelevant information
Its very sad to hear that Signal is phasing out SMS support. There is no real reason for it, it always worked well. If you care about your product, you should reconsider.	feature request
Runs slow sometimes	bug report
Its 👏 but you can't use the app without wifi and too much adds	feature request
No complaints. Just keep securely rolling out more features!	irrelevant information
The new update made it near unusable.	bug report
I love this privacy place.	irrelevant information
Will not install I wonder why	irrelevant information
Awful new layout	feature request
Perfect App I💗it too much	irrelevant information
App audio cuts out every 1-2 seconds. All other apps that use VoIP do not do this on my phone. I've cleared cache, cleared data, uninstalled, reinstalled and still is unusable. On top of that there isn't any support. Just some cookie cutter documentation that doesn't help.	bug report
I've used this app for over a year now, after the update I can't make any calls.	bug report
calls are not always good	bug report
Why you ask? Well I hat people, and this gives them another way to talk to me.	irrelevant information
Ehh it alright I guess =/	irrelevant information
The very first call went well but now most of my texts fail to send and every call I make hangs up before it gets answered because ads pop up every call and it causes call to hangj	bug report
It's not bad, but it needs more functions if it's going to be as simple as a messaging app	feature request
It's a very good message app EXCEPT some folks have the app but don't use it. Since Signal knows they have the app, it automatically sends my texts to the app and not to SMS. And thus my texts are lost. This despite their sending me SMS without Signal. That sucks and so it must be 3 stars	feature request
It was good but the update just maid it confusing	bug report
Sound is good and the noise suppression is really good, but Bluetooth devices take a few minutes of fiddle to connect to discord, all other apps work fine.	bug report
Love the communities you can create within this app. Very easy to use.	irrelevant information
every call. Always has poor quality connection. Once in a while it works	bug report
Don't need it	irrelevant information
Removing SMS support is a horrible decision. SMS support made Signal seemless, and to make matters worse, I've yet to meet a single person who got the export SMS feature to actually work. We don't need stories, we don't need bios, we need SMS support. I seriously hope your product team reconsiders this half baked decision.	feature request
Ghost Callz and wrong Person. maybe a new number will illuminate UNKNOWN DEVICE callz but Works 99.5% of the tyme.	bug report
When will android users be able to use video on groupme	feature request
Not good i can't use my phone	bug report
I can't login skype	bug report
Most times I have a very good connection. Occasionally I get cut off for no obvious reason.	bug report
Noyoutube working	bug report
And easy to use. Stop telling me I have a message when it's just an ad.😠	irrelevant information
How do i get messages that was deleted?	feature request
It's a good way to keep in touch	irrelevant information
This is verry bad	irrelevant information
It never loaded	bug report
God forbid you login on a web browser no your forced to download a whole nother waste of space app. Discord is horrible interface is overly complicated	bug report
The app is amazing for Gaming, Community Works, And Specially for Connecting with Friends. I Love it So much. Love From ImZombie7	irrelevant information
I use Discord daily and after the most recent update it is horrible. Way harder to navigate given you have to tap multiple times to get to where you want to go and loading is slow. The old UI was far superior where you could see everything at once versus a small amount of friends or servers at a time. It was also better in appearance imo, don't like the bubbly look. Please give us back the previous UI cause this one is frustrating, not user friendly and slower.	feature request
Its ok i guess, could be better but its alright for now	irrelevant information
Just downloaded the app can't even create account it keep saying check my Internet connection and try again? My Internet is working fine please fix it.	bug report
They just updated the UI and now it's a buggy mess. It won't change text channels when I click on them.	bug report
Yeah, I take it all back. Used to be five star, but now I don't even get notifications unless I open the app. I open the app when I get notifications. See where this goes?	bug report
Got one of the UI updates: loved it. Kinda really want it back to separate servers from DMs. Was a bit slow at times when uploading pictures but it was nice.	feature request
Allowing for actual deletion of old chats would be nice.	feature request
pretty awesome!	irrelevant information
Skype helps to keep in touch with my parents so far away. I say a big thank you Skype.	irrelevant information
Its good and bad	irrelevant information
The only thing I think that could be improved would be better, seamless backup and restore to Google drive for text message restoring	feature request
Good app but I can't send video on my phone.	bug report
Very smooth experience, using it for all messages -- secret and not	irrelevant information
what a brilliant app easy to work and understand	irrelevant information
good when it's good but buggy. sometimes it won't go back and let me see another group	bug report
Works amazing for the purpose I need.	irrelevant information
Skype used to be so good. But for whatever reason, the interface has become awkward, and I just can't get it to work properly even though I've been a Skype user since it's inception. ... EDIT August 2021. The calls to phones connect, I'm being charged, but no audio is delivered either way. It's utterly frustrating. I just did a test calling to the next room and...silence. This app has been around for years, but the main functionality has become poorer with each update. Come on developers!	bug report
Some reason I can't turn music down	bug report
Love this app.works great all over the mountianous area where i live..great for music on the run.THANK YOU TEXT NOW.	irrelevant information
Not bad jus sometimes u don't hear	bug report
The best i must say. Secure and safe.At least, this apps Doesn't expose or Collect our data for spaming..Always signal	irrelevant information
Lags most time and uploading vids never really work out. I have wifi, I pay my phone bill so my internet works. But my msgs always fails and hitting retry never works out!! Always have to retype the fkn msgs.	bug report
Why they have removed the option to select user name? Just you will sign in, with phone number or email address. I want creat id for my nephew, can't able to register skype id, just with user name?	feature request
If your app asks for a rating, it's always one star.	bug report
They removed everything that made the app/platform great, from having any name you want to now the recent UI change. With the new UI literally nothing works, the search function is so hard to work with now too. Why is every company so big on fixing something that isn't broken and no one has ever complained about??	feature request
Purchased long distance credits; didnt credit my account. Edit: this was solved promptly. International rates to the UK are very reasonable. Recommend this.	feature request
It's good but on mobile audio doesn't work while screen sharing so if u could do tht then ur app will be perfect	feature request
Like the app, very easy to use but unfortunately your recent update has caused the Signal on my tablet to crash; tried uninstalling and reinstalling but nothing works :/	bug report
good app. its just texting though so you dont really need it.	irrelevant information
The redesign is nice, but still having no account-switcher is a huge fail.	feature request
I support signal...because privacy is most important ❤️🇮🇳❤️	irrelevant information
IT WAS GOOD BUT I.VE NOT USED IT FOR AWHILE going to try again see how it is still as good as it was before	irrelevant information
Works perfectly.	irrelevant information
It's so good bug sometimes it shows no WiFi but still have WiFi	bug report
Solves the weak-signal problem but drops phone calls when I have to pick up a text message. Also runs down the battery fast.	bug report
This update is ruined a lot of things for me, I prefer the old update for the older vary the one before this update practically, I want that one to be back not this new one	feature request
It is a terrific communication platform.	irrelevant information
Missing Samsung Tablet (link) and WearOS support. Google Messages still rules in this regard.	feature request
Paranoid ppl recommend this.	irrelevant information
I have trouble sending pics in the messages and it's an art group and I can never hop in convos because my pics won't load	bug report
messaging apps I have ever used. This is across all my devices. Has a lot	irrelevant information
Great because yes	irrelevant information
Discord. Please fix the random crashes. Not sure if it's because everyone is typing at the same time that causes the crash, but it happens every 3 minutes or so.	bug report
best app when it wants to work	bug report
2 only yk why? Cause in the first its not annoying me and months when i was chatting my sis then The Something always pops up that it says " Verify ur Email!" like bro I Verified It many times and it keeps still showing and if i tapped the "resend email" and then im gonna check my gmail theres nothing.	bug report
Tried several times and cannot get loggin. I have deleted and uninstalled GroupMe and still it doesn't work. I will be deleting this permanently.	bug report
Definitely enjoy using this app for online dating until I am comfortable giving my real number. Unfortunately even with notifications turned on I don't get notified that I have a text message until I delete and reinstall the app...	bug report
Since some versions ago design is very disturbing, the waves and slow screen updating degrade the smoothie way that this app worked before...  currently it looks like a toy, like a children game. Please go back to design of version 7.42.	bug report
When i receive a phone call its does not appear on main screen if my phone is locked. Please fix asap.	bug report
Single image hrs to be send...putyong	irrelevant information
easy to use and handy, especially for business purposes	irrelevant information
I don't like being asked to "verify I'm not a robot" every single time i dm someone. One time should be enough, but it's absolutely outrageous having to do it that many times.	feature request
Since past 2 days I am facing a bug in which I can't see anyone's pfp and special emojies in server as well as the server icon , is also happening on my other device.	bug report
Tired of being sent "text use your number or lock in your number" reminders more than 2x a day after I canceled "lock in your phone number subscription" after it tried to charge my card 2x in one day.i also had issues with poor quality phone calls and app saying poor wifi connection during the events when I literally pay for great internet and wifi and (testing the authenticity of that issue) no actually issues with this other than your app saying it and dropping my calls.	bug report
Hardly use this app	irrelevant information
New update is genuinely awful, can no longer recommend the app because it's just become so user unfriendly and changed for seemingly no reason whatsoever	feature request
The new layout is terrible it's hard to navigate through, it was easyier to navigate with the old layout is better, please discord make a option that we can change the new layout to the old one 🙏	feature request
Gave a one star because everytime i make a phone call and i put it on speaker phone it won't let me go bsck to the ear speaker. Waited 5 hours for a phone call today just to be told that the speaker phone is creating an echo and i was unable to turn the speaker phone off. Now i have to wait until tomorrow to get in contact with someone. Fix this issue. UPDATE: Now the app doesn't allow me to enter number when selecting from a menu. Example: Press 1 for English. Press 1 and nothing happens.	bug report
Been using it for years never failed me. Worked better then sprint and Verizon forreal forreal.	irrelevant information
still getting the same bugs from when they copied over the iOS version to here. if the keyboard was present when switching to a new tab, receiving a new message inapp or outside brings the keyboard back up which is annoying when you're trying to watch an embedded vid. stop switching the super react positions! at least make their positions match when reacting to a new message to one that already has reacts. fix the react menu. can't jump to a new server. gotta double tap search bar to find emote	bug report
Neeed update for phone	feature request
App is always disabling every account I create	bug report
Its pretty nice and easy to use, but I have an issue. Whenever I try to use 2 step verification for a app or game it doesn't send me the code can you guys fix this?	bug report
I've seen a lot of unprompted design overhauls in my 30 years, but this mobile app revamp has to be one of the worst. Why. God why. I'm moving to another app and hoping my friends do as well. You REMOVED functionality in order to make things look more "sleek." What the hell is actually wrong with you? Edit: discord support replies only to tell me to read the manual as if I'm a lobotomite. thanks, I'm totally going to resub to nitro now after being insulted. focus on firing whoever greenlit this	bug report
Need web app ASAP! Almost every other messenger have web app.	feature request
The mobile app user experience has been going down hill for years and has reached ultimate low point this past month. A total buggy mess all in service of UI changes nobody wanted or asked for. Don't bother updating.	bug report
Literally runs awfully	bug report
Please, for sake... The new UI is so annoying. Why gotta make it so much similar like Ig, Telegram, Twitter? Give me, us the old UI back.	feature request
they haveN ayas	irrelevant information
I dont ever get notifications on my group...we use it for work purposes and it sucks cuz I can't pick up shift cuz I don't get the notification in time	bug report
messages. I hope they fix that problem.	bug report
It crashes a lot and uses huge amount of battery in video calls and overheats my device.	bug report
Works great cool that it can connect to wifi. Not sure how secure it really is. Never had a problem. The way it transfers between phones	feature request
This site forces you to pick options for feature. No way to go back on a screen. It's an impossible step and sucks. Don't waste your money.	bug report
Good tool for our family	irrelevant information
So... If u have a sim card in your phone with your number , it will work fine. I took my sim card out of this phone and put it in my new phone. On the new phone this app works fine... HOWEVER... On this phone , which has no sim card in it anymore, i wanted to have a textnow line, When i install it, it might work for a short period of time..( maybe 24hrs) but then They cut u off claiming.." Violation of policy/ or terms.. Zero cust support!	bug report
I love discord so much and have been using it since 2016 (I believe). But the new update makes me dislike it. The UI is so... Idk, I lowkey dislike it. Plus my mic wont record my voice. So I can't voice on my phone	bug report
It's good and all, but for some reason I try to friend my friends in real life and I try to friend someone who I unfriended back but it says pending when they accepted it and my other friend at school tried friending me and same thing happened but no notification idk why but pls fix this	bug report
The new layout is a hard downgrade from the old interface in terms of usability and ease of navigation, and that's if you don't even encounter issues regarding loading or sending messages. I don't get how this app went from running buttery smooth with a native Android app, to React Native which was somewhat smooth on my device, could get unacceptably slow and buggy. I've used the platform for years, and it really seems like they want to kill and milk the platform for its worth.	bug report
Mms messages won't go through... sends mms messages back to my text free #	bug report
Got a lot of random texts i wish i could just delete my number	feature request
I've used this app since November 2020 and ever since the update the app will not open unless I restart my phone. If literally anything is open on my phone, even notifications the app will not open. This was a great app before hopefully it can be fixed or I'm going to have to uninstall.	bug report
Downloaded app and got it set up with all of my group members, but can't seem to get a calendar event to save, and that was the only reason I wanted the app	bug report
It's pretty good texting and calling app	irrelevant information
NEW UI IS AWFUL PLEASE BRING OLD UI BACK	feature request
I love this app sm I talk with my friends on it all the time only problem I have is when one of my friends share their screen on call it just loads	bug report
mobile version is ok, ik this isnt a mobile exclusive problem but its still discord as a whole. still yet to receive a username despite my acc being a 2016 one. lost my damn username :/	bug report
it's a good place to have group conversations. post photos that you only want to share with others who are in the group. This can keep everyone in the group notified about up coming events that are posted on the group me app and have it installed on their phones.	feature request
I use discord all the time! Any app that pops up a full-screen "GIVE US A RATING" bubble gets an automatic low score, however. Want a rating? Here's your rating. There's also the fact that when app behavior is changed, there's often no way to revert to the prior functionality, such as the recent-ish change where swipe left replied to a message. This would have been fine if it was an option... but it forced the behavior with no way to use the old behavior of opening the right side panel.	bug report
Latest changes to Discord are absolutely not UX/UI friendly. Everything is messed up	feature request
It was good but I saw that my friend almost died and I couldn't sleep and I deleted it	irrelevant information
Love the app but when I am on mobile I cannot see others video feeds. There will be a camera icon in the bottom corner with an x over it. I've tried with my mobile data and wifi. I don't have this issue on my laptop and it's getting pretty annoying that is stays the same after every update. Fix this please	bug report
I can't add my number to telegram they won't send me the code	bug report
It should give you more free minutes and sometimes it just randomly calls people and uses my minutes I bought. I think this Is a bug please fix it	bug report
There isno way to fix connection to excellent on my pad? And the site never lets me get videos for free minutes??	bug report
When I want to communicate with a large group of people but I DONT want them to see me, I turn to GroupMe. Easy to use. Very few bugs (and even those are fixed quickly).	feature request
Seems almost old fashioned these days. The connection is not always reliable and have frozen screens quite often, but still FREE. Amazing	irrelevant information
AMAZING APP! It's free, it's cool, it's fun! Easy to use, able to talk to people easily and I can stream what my screen is too! New update: new update is garbage, please change it back... Now 4/5	feature request
Abysmal UI in the new update, embarrassingly bad.	feature request
please fix that	bug report
I am very Dissapointed... for christmas emojis  all you have is trees Santa snowmen ice cycles and elfs.. nine of these things are why we celebrate Christmas there is not one Emoji of a stable or Jesus or anything to do with Christmas...	feature request
it's a great app to talk to friends, but as of now it hasnt been as fun. whenever i try to type or bring up the keyboard, the keyboard will come up but then come down, same for the emojis. it's very fustrating, ive tried deleting the app then getting it again, and restarting my entire device, but it kept doing it. it also isnt a problem throughout my whole device, just discord. pls fix this!! 😭🙏	bug report
Let me make calls when I have no data left	feature request
good most of the time, only Hick up is when it loses reception every once in a while....	bug report
I started using the app in late August and was working fine. A few weeks later, I stopped receiving notifications and haven't been able to figure out of why when all of my notifications are on. I have stopped using the app because of that. Also, i have an android, but the notifications seem to work fine with iPhone.	bug report
I have family that I keep in contact with only on signal.	irrelevant information
Don't get this cancer	irrelevant information
app has a lot of problems, sometimes i dont get notifs, it shows "connecting..." even tho i have internet	bug report
Messages don't come on time they appear after 1 hour	bug report
Grate app to make calls and tex on i say get it	feature request
Good app, but I've had this glitch where if I set an emoji on my status, it becomes massive and gets clipped. I don't know how this happened, I've uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times, changed my status. I don't know what to do. It's not really a functional issue, just an eyesore, but a *really annoying* eyesore	bug report
Constantly freezing on a weekly basis and won't allow me to see any groups or messages just a blank screen for over a week each time and happens too frequent.It just shows that messages are being updated but shows a blank screen for days on end.	bug report
they listen in	irrelevant information
It's been good to me for almost. Thank you textednow	irrelevant information
So far so good.. No issues and serves the purpose	irrelevant information
It Needs To Make It Look Like Its Coming Off A Real Phone	feature request
I use this app for staying in contact with other coaches for baseball and it works for me	irrelevant information
Helps to keep group information. Better system than mass text.	irrelevant information
It's really good but I have some problems with making the dates of my birthday so can you help fixing it?	feature request
I get phone calls but when I press answer the phone never answers	bug report
Sometimes if you are in a call it will hang up on them and you only have a sertain amout of time to talk and also it will malfunction sometimes i would advise you that you should not spend you time downloading this app cause you will regret it	bug report
I use this app daily between me and  my friends. Ive missed over 200 messages just thinking no one was talking. Please fix...	bug report
Alright for now you dig	irrelevant information
to delete all Skype contacts so that you can start fresh. Skype contacts	irrelevant information
All of a sudden, the design has changed (without updating the app!) and using Discord is now not intuitive anymore (swiping gestures don't work anymore as they used to). Additionally, a tremendous amount of lag appeared.	feature request
After I downloaded the app and used it couple it said something went wrong verify your email The six digit code they sent me didn't work and I lost all of my freinds 0/10 app never download this piece of trash	bug report
Anyway we can fix how this cuts off half of ever tab after 3 days of using it. Then you have to re-download it?	bug report
Lags really bad moving from chat to chat, can't see last chat because the view is somehow cut off. Last update was bad...	bug report
Sometimes my mic wont be activated and app crashes and it is using too much of my cpu but iverall AMAZING APP!	bug report
Why can't me verify my account	bug report
First rate	irrelevant information
Not used much	irrelevant information
Doesn't work any more. Can't send or receive messages or make calls	bug report
Great quality calls n text. Thank U!	irrelevant information
Ads popping up everywhere even through my keyboard. Cant even text a message without it clicking on the ad on its own.	bug report
Cannot send / receive messages anymore (stopped working a few days ago). Shows that all contacts are offline. Reinstall and reboot do not help. In the mean time it works perfectly on Windows.	bug report
It's horrible because I never hear my notifications and I turned my sound all the way up and it says it's allowed	bug report
Phone app often has reception problems that the desktop version has less of. Good product when it's working.	bug report
sometimes bug at android	bug report
It's a very cheapie stupid app but it's free so It's ok bye	irrelevant information
Voice message loading problem	bug report
When it is good if deserves 5 stars, but sometimes it is bad d deserves only 1	irrelevant information
Like the app but im not receiving the notifications...	bug report
The recent update simply made the app open slower. To be sure, my phone is relatively new, and this update alone has made struggling to open. It is clearly not optimized at the moment.	bug report
How much are charges if i want to port in my exisitng number which is with another carrier? Is rhere any contact number or email for support i can ask any further questions?	irrelevant information
I like to use discord to play with my friends But somehow when I'm in any game my discord Crashed every time . Please tell me how to fix it	bug report
automatically. And that's while the description says: "you may loose your	bug report
I have auto-rotate disabled on my phone. The new update, however, has decided to ignore my phone settings and auto-rotates whenever I tilt my phone, with no way to change this behaviour. Absolutely ridiculous decision.	bug report
The best app for privacy.	irrelevant information
Crashes often	bug report
App is very good but there is only one problem that when we are live than the people who are live with us there presence circle show every time than when we take a screenshot the content hide behind these circles But all over app is too good Thanku Gopal Shiahi	feature request
Took my money and cannot connect with the international number I called. Keeps wanting me to let it access all of my phone controls.	bug report
how to hide my cell number to others?	feature request
Cant make calls to mobiles and landline. That's just stupid	bug report
I installed the app created an account tried using it and nothing. I kept getting an error message. It was a waste if time and it's completely useless.	bug report
You can communicate with your friends and my only issue is that nsfw servers have no verification of being over 18 and all you have to do Is click a button	feature request
Good app It's great for college groups. Easy to use and i enjoy having multiple group on here rather than Messenger or text groups.	irrelevant information
lots of distortion and bad connections with calls. Makes it frustrating to try to use often when talking overseas.	bug report
Liked this group messaging app up until the latest update. Now you dang thing won't login via Microsoft, Facebook, Google, or email. If you have a Motorola Z Force droid edition this app isn't going to work.	bug report
It's a great app....there are a few hiccups but it's all around great	irrelevant information
I need powerful notification settings for few groups which is not available on discord + messages looks so messy , need different colours highlights for messages for ours and others and also we can't forward message again	feature request
Pls bring Online and last seen options 😛	feature request
You have to pay to keep your number! Get a different app!	irrelevant information
It takes a huge amount of time to load. Quality and disconnection rate is high. Each key that I press takes 1s to respond. I'm on Google pixel 5 and all other apps work perfectly fine. The delay is too high for direct call services.	bug report
Love this app. Does everything well so far. Wish the pin allowed you to lock the app	feature request
Your UI is bugged.	bug report
Works all well, thank you for the help on fixing my issue	irrelevant information
The app is great it's just the calls keep dropping	bug report
It is one of my favorites in my opinion, discord let's you talk to people and help make fake friends ☠️ and it let's you troll as a anime girl☠️ just kidding it is just a fun talking app that lets you FaceTime and make online friends	irrelevant information
I've used this app on and off over the past few years due to financial necessity, and although its free, its by far the most painfully agonizing experience I've ever had with a phone service my entire life. I can't answer calls, I don't receive texts on time, it doesn't alert me when I have a text, it takes 20 minutes just to type the first word of a text... its frustrating. I feel bad complaining about something free, but enough is enough!	bug report
Horrible app , deletes ur number after 2 days of not using it. Incoming calls don't notify you . And now losing my old number from this app says there is no new numbers to use	bug report
I can't join a meeting/group conversation.	bug report
Still learning how to use this app. Wanna play D&D 5th edition online heard a lot of people use it.	irrelevant information
Issues to get a sms code. Somehow my sim card serial number can't receive sms code to register.	bug report
Quality it's very good	irrelevant information
When you call a number with an automated response (IE, press one for English)  it doesn't pick it up. When I answer calls,  they can't hear me.  If I call them back they can,  but then it takes my minutes.	bug report
it is convenient for emergency	irrelevant information
Its good to call, send or recieve messages but when it comes to a job texting me a code i have to pay for it, i dont have the money to pay for a code, my vehicle needs to be fixed so i cant do an in person interview but i have to pay for a code, thanks for nothing i just lost my job!!!	bug report
Use for work...its ok	irrelevant information
Excellent customer service - I lost a free data plan promo on my account and the representative got it back fairly quickly	irrelevant information
you remove SMS support but then devote resources to adding "stories" to Signal? you guys have lost your minds... what even. latest update appears to have broken the app entirely. all convos gone, no biometrics prompt, etc etc etc	bug report
Keep getting unexpected quits... Needs some work	bug report
Texts work when u have a signal. calls don't regardless of having a strong signal or not	bug report
Love this app so very much but would like it if Discord would fix the messages coming in delayed and resending it again, and if it'd let me reinstall it on my phone. My discord nitro is still on it so yeah I'd like to reinstall. I restarted my phone, factory reset my phone, undid the battery on my phone went to my data to download discord still wouldn't work.	bug report
Good app to mes with your friends and have a good time	irrelevant information
I chose NO in app purchase before selecting app. Of course this app is owned by google. Guess who owns Google now	irrelevant information
I'm sorry but it instantly put the locking pin on and I know for a fact I did not push that nah im locked out cuz supposed I had one to begin with.	bug report
Because the question of country and no America in answers.	irrelevant information
Remove this function that anybody can kick any person from the call So I only giving 2 stars and all thing are good	feature request
The sky is blue	irrelevant information
Horrible even with a good connection. I've been standing right by a modem and people haven't been able to hear me. great in a pinch but that's literally it's only value.	bug report
I love Discord. But Discord mobile's new UI? Not so much love. Feels like a knockoff FB Messenger. Colour doesn't match desktop Discord anymore. Worst of all is the search function and pins. Previously, it was easy to see who sent the messages in the search results or who was the sender of the pinned message because the avatar distinguished it. Now it doesn't. It's impossible to tell who sent the message at one glance. Please listen to your users and revert some of the changes.	feature request
Pretty good 👍, you have to add contacts which is very hard to do. That is my ONLY complaint.	feature request
Why is one of my friend always online while she is not online??? How can i fix this problem on this app??	bug report
Every time I go to call my daughter it sounds like a really bad connection and we can't understand each other.	bug report
Needs improvements and widgets for dialing phone number from subscription.	feature request
The app is good all around, my only issue with it is Nitro membership, you all have basically locked free features behind a paywall, noone should have to pay $10/month simply for a banner, which, every other website/app that offers profile customization has this for free. Not sure who thought this was a good idea but they should be fired. At the very least make the customization free and replace it with a different paid feature. Something original.	feature request
Trash message app. Whatsapp is better	irrelevant information
It's takes up to much space like mg	irrelevant information
Microsoft ruined an amazing app. They took away all its great features and turned it into a bulky shadow of its former glory. Why. Just why.	feature request
working good for an android.	irrelevant information
Just like the others, my wifi is great but sometimes I can't join a call but can send messages, so uninstalling and installing is what I do, but still doesn't work.	bug report
It's ok but I won't get notifications when I'm not using this app please fix this bugs	bug report
Really buggy. Text now is way better.	bug report
I lose my contacts and most apps dont or wont download because the will not or can not get codes. unless	bug report
A very good one for now	irrelevant information
*edit, one year later... A banner ad just yelled at me about bacon... If I hear that again, we're definitely going to break up (me and text now). I pay some money. Banners are fine. Please, no sound. First year impression: It's a great deal. I paid to have the ads reduced to banner ads. I mostly use it because there's no cell service where I live, but there is wifi. And it allows me to text people from home.	bug report
There are some glitches	bug report
I have a major problem with this app. And my problem is that it's not letting me send or receive text messages. I have already went to support and read the articles telling me to make sure the app isn't down and to make sure it's updated which I did both of those things , and it still didn't work so , and so i went to contact you guys and it said to click on the support bot and wait for the get in touch to come up and it didn't .	bug report
well it's my first time using my tablet I enjoy my tablet so much cause I can play my games ,the only thing wrong for me is trying to make a call and I can't so now I have to wait for a friend to come by so I can get help you know but other than that small problem , I just love my tablet plus I'm 68yrsold, and my eyes are having problems of it's own ,you know old age catches up to you smile.grandma J.	feature request
Expectations met. You get what you pay for! FYI: Hi, just want to give helpful feedback. There is no way to do that online or through app. Update troubleshooting section for "Help! I can't make calls" to include "turn off vpn" for this app. Thanks!	feature request
They make you have to pay to receive a 2 factor of authentication code	feature request
Keyboard goes away as soon as I try to type. Please fix it	bug report
I've been a loyal user of Discord for quite some time, but the recent UI changes have left me feeling frustrated and disappointed. The decision to revamp the interface has resulted in a user experience that feels clunky and less intuitive. The new UI design seems to prioritize aesthetics over functionality, making it harder to navigate and find essential features. The changes to the layout and organization have disrupted the familiar flow and ruined the UI. I would like for a change back.	feature request
Excellent app, but lags a lot since an update a few weeks ago. I'll update my review of the lag issue is fixed!	bug report
It's an awesome app. We just need to be able to use one account on multiple devices.	feature request
The worst app ever... It's so lagging opening or sending messages even if I have a good internet connection. Hopefully you'll improve.	bug report
The app has much improved this past year.	irrelevant information
Not sure what's going on. Ill use the app and it'll work perfectly fine for a while and then it'll black out. Not sure what's up but its very annoying and makes it almost impossible to use the app. I'll rate it 5 stars if this gets fixed somehow! The black outs are just super annoying	bug report
I no longer update this app due to the fact that the developer NEVER tells exactly what has allegedly been updated. The ONLY reason I continue to keep it is because I've had the same number for over 3 years.	irrelevant information
Switched to Whatsapp! Can see what people send me on the main menu screen but when I open the individual chat their messages don't appear. It will automatically scroll up the chat to a prior days chat. I don't receive messages until 20+ minutes after they are sent by the other person. Very inconsistent. Not receiving notifications regularly either. Sometimes do and sometimes don't! No search feature. Looking to use a different app moving forward.	bug report
All my messages are failing to send since the update	bug report
The app is good but the verification required keeps popping up when nothing is wrong with my account	bug report
I absolutely hate the new update. The UI is terrible to navigate and incredibly buggy. The search function is way worse than it was before. Some things require several steps more to reach than it did before.	bug report
My favorite App to stay in touch with family members. Love the App.I highlyrecommend it. 5 Stars	irrelevant information
Perfect for new job!	irrelevant information
When I make a call,it refuses to hang. Up,just keeps on calling.I have to power off to get it to stop calling! I'm about ready to uninstall it!	bug report
The new Skype 8.0 has not updated for me on my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and I would like it to update. Are there any ways it could do that please?	feature request
can't use for everything	bug report
Clear calls	bug report
Skype won't allow me in to use my Skype App. Pls could you tell me why I cannot get into my app?	bug report
the amoled model thing isn't working, i have it on but it just normal dark mode now	bug report
A problem at sending otp pls ready this	bug report
Go re I will n to at Dr	irrelevant information
Second instance of SKYPE is no longer working after today update on my Samsung S21+ running on Android 11.	bug report
The only reason I have not made this a 1 star review is because I've been with this app since 2017 and do like the app. The UI update feels it feel unorganized and unoptimized for your 'gamer' users. Having to go through two menus to get to your friends list is impractical, not to mention the fact that members of a server are on another tab now and not easier to access to see who is online. Look discord, you're great but listen to the people who ACTUALLY use your app.	feature request
I dont know how to að a person	irrelevant information
Skype isnt working at all. It's not letting me tap anything or do anything on it BUT THIS IS MY ONLY WAY OF COMMUNICATING WITH MY FRIENDS AT HOME SO PLEASE FIX THIS	bug report
I love the privacy but keep scammers off it	irrelevant information
It very good app for conversion	irrelevant information
This app is Ok. It only give you 10 minutes, that's a little bit. Now I can't talk to my cousins in Japan.	bug report
This update was unnecessary and stupid even when u connected your socials either it gets messed up, doesn't load (for example Spotify it doesn't connect correctly and I have to constantly reconnect and it still doesn't work) or it's downright annoying. It crashes every single time and it's literally hard to use change it back for the love of God	bug report
Does what it says yet still somehow lacks HD video quailty after two decades or so.	bug report
Very good aap but unable to uninstalling	bug report
Usually works great but lately I haven't been getting notifications and neither has my friend and we have them turned on. Please fix asap!	bug report
I am able to get into my prayer groups discussions. I am not sure if I am able to delete messages though	feature request
Good app for chatting and bot stuff the only problem comes with upload screen recordings . Deletes automatically	bug report
When I turn BT on, this thing starts up.	irrelevant information
Works fine on my phone, but on my Chromebook R13, I hate that I can't use 'enter' to send the IM. Please, let me know how to turn that on....	feature request
discord after 6+ years skype had failed me.	feature request
Its a very good application.	irrelevant information
Brand new to GroupMe really look forward to sharing.	irrelevant information
Oh, it's worse now. Now it's not just the UI that's broken. It can't even open images correctly anymore. Someone should get fired for this disaster -- old review: Who designed this new UI? The same @#$&!? who designed Fortnite's new UI?? This is just TERRIBLE. Let's play GUESS WHERE WE PUT YOUR MESSAGES! Stop fixing stuff that isn't broken. I'll be using the mobile web browser now until this gets fixed.	bug report
The new design of the app is better optimized for mobile devices, however it doesn't work correctly with Samsung tablets when opened in windowed view.	bug report
I am not able to text with friends these days and It is very laggy even after my phone has 8 GB ram	bug report
I cancelled my subscription and received an confirmation email, yet on the renewal date, I receive a renewal confirmation	bug report
Great app. Just wish you could pick if Ur friend could call or not.	feature request
dude the new UI is great. I hope they dont take it out. I only wish for the audio quality on Discord to improve. Please people	feature request
Not useful in holding and sending information	irrelevant information
Keeps on making me update it. For example, I'll have updated it a couple days prior, (3 days) but it keeps not working, so I have to update and update constantly. Too frequent of updates.	bug report
Too difficult to use and no local phone numbers. Too many ads.	feature request
The new ui update ruined the app. It takes much longer to see who's online, and I can't just peek the user tab while also seeing if someone srnds a new message. Bring back the swipe right to see who's online tab. It was a realy nice feature, and removig it made the user experience much worse.	feature request
Horrible new update, vote with your wallet and cancel Nitro.	feature request
Not recomended. Bad app . Bad functions. Very boring system. Use other apps for your purpose. It is also bad acording to handler	irrelevant information
This app sucks in the way that if you don't like it or don't want it you can't unload it or remove it from your device this is something that I'm just not interested in and really don't care but it uses up space on my phone because I cannot delete it and for that it is extremely poor	bug report
Numerous error messages & not able to be added to groups when friends send links	bug report
The mobile app crashes frequently. The app crashes the system UI. I keep accidentally clicking the ads. this app freezes all the time, its very slow and slows down my entire phone, calls dont come through when i know somwone is calling. this app BARELY functions I cannot even sign in now. *Sometimes* when I try to sign in it tells me I have the wrong username or password (impossible), then other times it sends a 2 factor code to my email, which it refuses to accept. I can't freaking log in!	bug report
Berst app to connect with perople all over 5he world	irrelevant information
Struggled getting a chat deleted, and now my account is non existent. This news comes after trying multiple times to get my password entered since my phones advanced settings were somehow involved. Then my email and username did not even exist.	bug report
App let some old trash accounts and crooks hiding behind them illegally connect with mine despite me blocking off the addition of any form of contacts to my acct. I logged in one week and the next some old junk contacts long removed got attached. That's a hate crime and identity by the crooks behind this massive breach that started in 1998. Microsoft fought this mess for years; took measures at the turn of the century with other mega tech companies to block computer dooms day - but not now.	bug report
Please discord we can hide anyone massage in dm massage section please	feature request
Bloatware. Used to be good, until Microsoft bought it, now it's a big fat hog. Used to be able to access varies settings, but they have disappeared. I used to recommend it to people, but now it sucks.	irrelevant information
Learned. Can't	irrelevant information
The app works great and does what it's supposed to but I wish it had it's own digital phone book/contact storage. Since I use this app as a 2nd line, I wish I can store contacts only on app and not phone. Would this be a possibility anytime soon?	feature request
I have tried canceling my subscription many times what does app in for the past year there is no option to cancel it and when I go to cancel it on the stop it takes me to another page and it tells me go to back to the app where it takes me to the same page I just want this to stop charging my credit card	bug report
What's so great about it u only get limited time and u have to watch adds for minutes !!!! &gt;:(	irrelevant information
This app is fine for initiating video conversations. But we haven't tried just making a phone call with it.	feature request
Guests behalf	bug report
Very Cool app. I was Reedeming A Code when it said Invalid. Fix this error please Discord. It was only a 12 Digit Code it gave me. It needs to be 19 digits. Fix this please	bug report
they can't hear me	bug report
Call go through , But a lot of drop calls	bug report
It was horrible connection	bug report
Overall, it is a well-made app. I will give you 5 star rating only if the messages from the deleted user actually gets deleted.	feature request
Love this way of communicating!	irrelevant information
It's the best I can text anyone I can keep in touch with my family	irrelevant information
I don't know enough about this app to say anything worth listening to yet	irrelevant information
It was good app in the begining..but now camera is not working in the group calls..and I am not visible to others..why is it so?	bug report
I give it 1 Star out of 5 for Signal because i am done with it.	irrelevant information
It's cool at first then goes away the more you use it.. phone stops ringing and all	bug report
Update: With no sms support my friends uninstalled the app. I have no longer any use for it either. From 5 stars to 1 star with SMS support going away. Was onboard from the beginning and will probably just uninstall the app as I'm not juggling more than one app for simple messaging. Ridiculous choice	feature request
I receive a notification about a message, but I get that notification over an hour after the message was posted	bug report
Gotta love EVERYTHANG about TEXTNOW...	irrelevant information
I'm trying to sign up every time I do it says my email is the wrong.	bug report
Fix this app, calls don't go through at all whenever someone calls me it only pops up after the call ends and sometimes it won't even let me call anyone and won't let me answer calls this app only works when it wants to and the ads are so annoying	bug report
Takes a lot of time but worth the wait for proper answers	irrelevant information
Decent app. However, on mobile it's a nightmare. I can't sign in, and the hCaptchas refuse to work. Even if I click on all of the images it asks for it will almost endlessly say "Please try again".	bug report
At least you can text	irrelevant information
Should have integrated Monero instead of this shitcoin of yours.	irrelevant information
Canada & U.S. used to be about $30 CAD a year. Since Microsoft took over it is not affordable, bye, bye skype. There are better ones for free!	irrelevant information
Hello Why shouldn't a program that has a lot of audience in Iran have the beautiful Persian language? For this reason, I and several Iranians are uninstalling the stupid Skype program for disrespecting the sweet Persian language. stay safe 🤚	irrelevant information
Solid app. Works. Nothing special, but I recommend.	irrelevant information
Can't do the exclusive emotes, it was a cool app anyway	bug report
Best social chat app, only lack features like bookmark specific channel and no yearly subscription option for my country	feature request
I don't receive calls, it does not ring or vibrate to let me know someone's calling. Does not notify me of any incoming services.	bug report
A good way to communicate and stay connected.	irrelevant information
Messages are easily missed compared to regular texts. I use it to keep all communication as a group leader in one place, but I wish on Android there were a counter on the icon corner notifying me of unread msgs. The app is also buggy. I've set it to send SMS msg so I don't miss posts bc of the above issue, and some come through while others don't. D on't get me started about the sheer redundancy in downloading a texting app but setting it up to send me a text, too. I've also received spam.	bug report
Terrible app. Been trying for two days to log in to activate it so I can join a group I was invited too. None of the mandatory two step authentication works- just keeps kicking back error messages.	bug report
Been trying to open the app for an hour and this new update just keeps crashing	bug report
Nice, but.....	irrelevant information
This new update to discord's UI is GARBAGE. Fix it.	feature request
TextNow used to be a decent way to save on Cellular costs. But their Paid Plans are no longer the cheapest. And before you could call customer service, then it changed to only email, and now only text. The Free version with Ads used to be good, now the Ads are intrusive because they pop-up and freeze your screen, even when you didn't click on it. It's definitely NOT recommended. They now find devious ways to get you to pay, like you no longer can get Verification Codes under Free plan.	bug report
U need to detail what each update changes! , stability of notifications for calls and messages needs major improvement. It doesnt ring most of the time.call quality has gotten better over the past few months	bug report
It's very easy to use, and it's simple to contact people that you can put on your contacts...easy texting, and easy calling, including an additional face video...I highly suggest using this app to contact any of your friends or family...and it's simple to set up...if you get the app, I wish you the best of luck...	irrelevant information
Discord seems a bit broken... I can't send gifs videos and others file type Please fix this.... :)	bug report
It doesn't send me notifications so I don't like it	bug report
It is so easy to navigate and join. Love this app.	irrelevant information
Apps crashes way to much useless even on excellent cell wifi service to point start to feel your phone tapped don't won't you using it	bug report
some one has to call me literally almost TWENTY times for a call to come through. If I get a text, I have to turn my WiFi off, then pull it up and text back before my WiFi goes back on or it takes Me 10 minutes to type one sentence . PLEASE FIX & it will be an amazing app, and I will change review.	bug report
This app used to work but now its not even opening. I used to be able to use this app all day almost every day but now I can't even open the app without it shutting it down. Please fix this and soon.	bug report
I think this app so far seems ok no problems. But I'll let you know as I go.	irrelevant information
Waste of time. Whenever I try to send message it shows that messaging is not supported to this number.	bug report
Burns way to much battery.	bug report
When i select emoji, the emoji on the keyboard is blurry but when i send them its not blurry, i hope you fix this emoji blurry on the keyboard :)	bug report
Ohh very awesome update...full ui changed...and new app set up like other chat apps...I love it...😍	irrelevant information
It's a bit finicky but over all perfect for use of out group at church.	irrelevant information
R download app it's tkng much time very poor	bug report
My account is bugged and can't get back in groups after being removed.	bug report
The video quality is too low	bug report
This app is pretty good overall but has some major problems with data usage. The app used 3.6GB of mobile data over that last day trying to send a small video. The send would fail and then retry over and over despite never working until I shut the app down because it used many GB of data.	bug report
Unoptimized for the fold in general. Am using the Fold 5 and it screws up anytime I switch from folded to open mode or vice versa depending on what mode I opened discord in the first time. Work around is turning on auto rotate and going to landscape mode to portrait mode or restarting the app. Edit: there was an update to the app since last review. Tried updating and reinstalling. Also went on the link provided in the reply to the review, but still having same issue after trying the fixes.	bug report
It's a great app. Only me and the other person can chat with each other.	irrelevant information
itself looks interesting, but not as convenient as other messengers and UX	irrelevant information
Nyc app very important function 😊	irrelevant information
Can't get it to switch to my new number	bug report
very poor reconnecting only f going to call	bug report
After the update last night the app is no longer opening my other servers I'm in even after completely reinstalling.	bug report
Hey Skype. I have a 243Mbps down and 23Mbps up 5G connection and my "connection is too weak, please try again later"? What are you trying to stream an 8k video with RAW audio format or something? Srsly, get your act together...	bug report
Routinely fails to notify either party of new messages, sometimes for WEEKS. Not just missing notifications, but literally failing to update the chat until long after other messages have been sent.	bug report
It showed something where it said like "verify email" and once I did it said my email was already in use, it won't even let me make a new account.	bug report
"we improved the app"	irrelevant information
They replaced swipe to see channel user list with swipe to reply. I cannot emphasize how aggravating this new UI decision is. It may sound trivial, but it's a much bigger deal for regular use than it sounds like.	feature request
Such a racist platfom we are a group of People who attend servers where free ramayan classes, free tatvaboh classes, free sessions for clearing doubts etc are held and they contain pdf of many old scriptures , many Dalits ran and participated on these Servers. Every few days these Servers are banned along with their members in a one sided action without any warning or explaination sought. I find no other reason except hatred for Hindus or Dalits for such bans.	irrelevant information
Can't sign in once i log out though i have a good internet connection	bug report
End to end to end?	irrelevant information
Issues sending pictures over WiFi or data	bug report
Crystal clear in bham, Al! I was surprised! Only thing, no SMS? Still. I'm on Samsung. Idk. Help!	irrelevant information
Always logging out automatically.	bug report
cant call out juststay dialing	bug report
Pathetic. I cannot get it to work. At all .	bug report
every single time i try to open the app it stays open for about 2 seconds before closing and telling me to see if the developer had updsted it, i love discord and its my main use of communication but it wont work	bug report
It's good for texting but it keeps kicking me out all the time	bug report
Y dis App Jk It Was Amazing No Just jk it ew	irrelevant information
I paid to have the SIM card and lock my number in and all that, and it barely works. It worked great the first month of me having the SIM card, and now I'm lucky if I can make a single phone call. It's also annoying that when you run out of mobile data, it's gotta notify you every time you open the app that you're out of data, and it give you a notification that doesn't go away saying that you're out of data as well. This stuff needs fixed, and your service needs improved.	bug report
Too many mrssages	irrelevant information
UI leaves a lot to be desired	feature request
Microsoft spoiled Skype. It takes a year to dial a number. Waaaaaay too slow. Old hardware phones don't work either. I liked the old Skype better. Would give zero stars if it were possible.	bug report
It keeps kicking me out of calls	bug report
Very handy for large group messages, sometimes difficult to get people added to the group	feature request
I have been using this app for months now and I pay for the call forwarding and now it won't let me use it. It keeps telling me to pay the $9.99 so I press it and then it gives me an error message saying that I already am subscribed to the service. I have been trying to get in contact with support so someone can help me but no luck.	bug report
Groupme can eat a dick	irrelevant information
it worrrxxx. absolutely not a glitch in this app. no sirrrrreesebobbb ;);):(jk:))	irrelevant information
Ever since the last update, my chats struggle to load.	bug report
Great for a free app. Wish it allowed for better control over events. Have to scroll through messages to find events. Would be nice if events could be linked to popular calendar apps e.g Gmail Calendar	feature request
An amazing way of keeping in touch with family, friends, and loved ones 😁!	irrelevant information
Newest update (as of 12/12/23) is SO incredibly buggy. I can't properly go between chats or pictures without needing to full close and restart the app. Conversations from one server chat display no matter where else I click. Genuinely tired of it.	bug report
As of the recent UI update my rating of this app has lowered substantially. Why change what was already perfect, and why on earth would they add an auto rotate feature that you can't turn off, doesn't matter that my rotation is locked everywhere else on my phone discord decides to bypass that. Discord should have a legacy mode or something where you can opt into what UI version you want because this is just terrible. Not a single person I've spoken to about this update likes the change.	feature request
It doesn't always open notifications properly have to close app and reopen.	bug report
the notifications are taking up too much space on My phone screen, would be nice if they would group together to save space.	feature request
The new update have improvements and i happy the update but there's Minus. The minus i can't finished the roles and can get out when it's done. Can development of discord fix this bug because it's annoying for people who got same experience. Also, the update now was have more bugs than improvement. So, please look it up as possible.	bug report
Its actually a good and perfect app 100%intelligence i really love the app	irrelevant information
Great messenger app till sms support was removed. Still use it with my tech and privacy savvy friends and it works well, but difficult to convince non-tech savvy people to use 2 separate messaging apps despite the privacy advantages of signal. Was much easier when they could just have the 1 app installed and I wish that the devs kept that functionality.	feature request
It's a great app most of the time. However sometimes it takes a really long time to send the message you just typed.	bug report
I dont really like this app i actually just looking for a app that let me text and call with my phone number cause my phone fell in water and my mom didnt let me put in rice cause she saids a waste of food so this give you a number but does not let you use your own phone number but be side that it is pretty good on everything else	feature request
Dropping support for SMS is a mistake	feature request
This app sucks Line Telegram so much better than this trash.	irrelevant information
SMS support was removed without notifying the users. Worst of all, the settings and menus stay the same, so I thought something was wrong with my phone or SMS counerparty. I feel like dumping Signal and using Telegram. One less messenger to use in my phone.	bug report
For some reason my account got disabled and I don't know why	bug report
The old hi was better can't see the members list properly need to take a lot of effort just to reach the list plus beacause of that I can't also see who is online in the server old ui was better or atleast show the servers member list somewhere	feature request
The app is okay but i keep on getting calls from random numbers i dont even know and its getting on my nerves	bug report
Choppy but overall good call app	irrelevant information
how can i solve this problem：unable to send sms message？	bug report
This app sucks, and barely works half the time.	bug report
But sometimes I lose my calls	bug report
When I type my keyboard gets minimized I can barely type out a message it's so annoying	bug report
Why do I keep getting random pop ups to download this app?	irrelevant information
Great game only too much of money grab...	irrelevant information
It's ok loose leaf choppy like all internet phones	bug report
Oct 25: trying to transfer data to new phone, half way through the transfer (100+k transfers) just gets stuck and I have to start all over. I'm lowering the rating for this inconvenience. Op: Great app. Only thing is that pop ups don't appear if you haven't used the app for a while. But I guess it increases privacy.	bug report
The app is overall pretty good, but I don't like the username update.	feature request
It's ok . I don't like how it's send you messages 2 twice.	bug report
This app is wonderful for talking, texting, and video calling. Although it does require a very good connection, so if you're having a less than perfect connection then you're screwed.	irrelevant information
We can't use this app for social media, because whatsapp, hike doesn't allow their numbers.	irrelevant information
Discord is the # 1 gaming chat platform to talk to all of your gaming friends!!!	irrelevant information
It doesn't notify you when you get a text most of the time. You have to go into the app and refresh a lot of the time.	bug report
It says "FREE" but isn't........make it free and I'll rate higher...	feature request
With extra privacy features added in and the functionality of messages. It's the better choice for messages.	feature request
Why a pin was implented is beyond me. It's annoying having to verify it and being forced to set one. I don't mind losing my logs and I prefer you not to store them. Seems like it defeats the purpose of private when I don't know who you're letting see it. Now, I get notified of calls and messages long after they were received. If someone calls, I'm looking at my phone and it never rings. I wish this worked.	bug report
I had a VERY difficult time getting logged in initially! The sign up failed. And, trying to reset the password failed also. Their Tech Support kept sending me back to the same online password reset page despite WEEKS of back-and-forth emails telling them that method wasn't working for me. Finally, a tech manually reset my password as I asked from the outset. And, once they did this, its worked fine.	bug report
It's slow and it sucks	bug report
The share link doesn't work on mobile. When I send a share link, my invitees keep getting a blank grey screen and they can't join the group. I've sent 3 emails to support and no response. The link works fine on desktop. It looks like it's not working on Android. When I sent the share link to someone with an iPhone it worked. When I sent it to someone with an Android, they got a grey screen.	bug report
Does not work unless I have very good internet access but twice I'd great	bug report
Now my profile that I made after the mistake got banned on a server for no reason the logs don't show I was banned	bug report
The app has gotten better. I'd recommend it to people who don't need unlimited calls and texts, only a few texts and calls. This works really good as a 'free' alternative.	irrelevant information
Use this app daily and talk to my buddies. New update makes mobile discord a headache and annoying to use. I don't see what the point of changing it was considering it was already simple. Sadly probably gonna use the app less.	feature request
Groupme works very well enjoy using it, it is easy and you can communicate with multiple people at once. I would highly recommend this app.	irrelevant information
Works fine enough. Would like better if things were deleted instead of hidden.	feature request
The new UI is awful. They took everything you're familiar with from PC and threw it in the trash to make it look more like Messenger, and it somehow ended up worse than that pile of trash. Please revert the changes, I am literally begging you. The old app was a strong 4, maybe even a 5. This new one is borderline unusable. Navigating it is confusing and unintuitive.	feature request
Discord calls don't work when my phone goes on rest mode	bug report
Still disappointed Signal hasn't backed down on their decision to stop supporting SMS. It was a great unified communication app for years, but I doubt I'll keep it when I can only use it to talk to the few other signal users in my contacts.	irrelevant information
Sooooo cool app in my life I have saw this app oh my gooooooddddd🤣🤣🤣🤣 wow what I rot a sentence 😳 😅 😑	irrelevant information
It doesn't give me my message notifications	bug report
Works great except when they offer 2x minutes then I go to buy and it's only the same they usually offer. Update.. Texted with tech support and figured out it was my ad blocker. After turning it off, got the minutes I was due..	bug report
The app requires you to pay for text messages 🙄	feature request
its good but to many adds and when i would send a picture it would send everything backwards and not in the right order over all good app when it comes to texting but to many adds and when you send a message that can get really annoying 😅😑😐	bug report
new mobile layout feels clunky and tedious, can we opt out?	feature request
When you have a question and it's not on any of your answers you can't get any back. If you had someone that you could communicate with besides reading information cause My question is not on there. I need! help actually I should give you one because you don't have anyone to talk to. I can't find any number whatsoeve. Every time I dial my phone number from another phone it says it's disconnected. so I don't know really what is my phone number.	bug report
Tldr, updates still got issues as of jan 20th 2024 The new discord mobile is a hot mess, where it used to be able to easily go between servers and chat you cant any longer. I preferred the old setup as it was both easier and faster to use I am updating this again for the second time just to show that while its been updated the issues have not been fixed. They should revert to the old setup as it was better.	bug report
The latest update for the Discord mobile app really does not lend to accessibility and intuitive user experience. In fact, it takes more taps/gestures to access both DMs and servers. The new dark mode is also too dark, and causes eye straing with prolonged use of reading the high contrast text. I hope the team opens up the option to revert to the previous version, for users who prefer that layout more. As the old addage goes, don't fix what isn't broken.	feature request
The worst, probably who owns it.	irrelevant information
Too easy to pocket dial.	bug report
I actually used to dislike it and refuse to use it unless absolutely necessary. It has improved tremendously since and it became my default app to communicate with everyone. I'm looking forward to the unique nicknames which will be very late for me as I used to always delete my account. I hope I can snag something nice. :)	feature request
it works perfect	irrelevant information
It is very secretive	irrelevant information
Awesome app for the cost! (Free)	irrelevant information
Having some bugs, no incoming calls some times even date is in on. so, guys please take a look on it.	bug report
I've tried to cancel nitro subscription repeatedly and it won't let me. Lost money repeatedly that could be paying food. Please help me.	bug report
I am on mobile and the app has a one bug,IT KEEPS KICKING ME OUT OF CALLS AND THE APP can somebody fix this please	bug report
I paid to have my number locked so i can get verification codes sent to me and when I need a verification code, I get a text saying I can upgrade my account, but I already paid for this and it shows my subscription for it is active. Can someone contact me about his issue?	bug report
app freezes every time I attempt to make a phone call. Tried updates, changing settings. Everything I could think of or read. So far out of dozens and dozens attempted phone calls, only one has gone through.	bug report
I think People should just start using discord bc i think that this is not great	irrelevant information
It's okay though I would rather use other messenger apps due to frequently not getting notifications for messages.	bug report
Some videos/media doesn't even loade some do but others don't 😮‍💨	bug report
Genuinely loving this game. The recent change to progression though feels pretty bad. I was a big fan of grinding the different characters to unlock everything - Detaching class progression from playing the individual classes completely erased the incentive to play the different classes. Now it's more efficient to just grind one class for whom you've unlocked your "perfect" deck, and use the rewards to unlock the rest. That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.	feature request
Can't even use data on the app anymore, what the hell.	bug report
Sometimes it's hard to hear	bug report
No see Douglass High school	irrelevant information
Can't even sign in 😒	bug report
Kind of slow	bug report
The app makes messages with people disappear. I tried logging in and it	bug report
Top app	irrelevant information
Great app, but I am sad to see sms support go...	feature request
My son set this up for our family to communicate with each other. It's worked out great.	irrelevant information
Horrible, invades your privacy and contact lists. I am being forced into using it.	irrelevant information
Its a little clumsy	irrelevant information
I don't like having to looking for conversations. It would be awesome to narrow conversation to dates or time. It would be nice to file conversation that requires a response to be able to put in a file. Maybe file or search by name. Also be able to mark a conversation with the following note: Important, Remind (in within a certain # of days), Completed.	feature request
I find it funny how I said that my number was reassigned but whenever I went and paid the $1.99 to lock it in that all of a sudden it wasn't so used anymore real funny how that works	irrelevant information
Please reverse the last update. I can't even open the DC now.	bug report
I would like the ability to post video....one day....	feature request
Skype is nice:)	irrelevant information
This app it needs to be updated. The video chat if someone calls you off the video chat it ring 2 and shut off. The telephone doesn't work.	bug report
Before this updates you could swipe right and see every single member of the server but now since the update came out it has been removed and you cannot see the members anymore	feature request
I can't turn off the notifications completely	bug report
Won't erase blocked phone numbers	bug report
It keep showing the error message everytime I try to text plz fix it	bug report
Well ya'll cleaned up my phone so thanks but now it seems like ya'll control my phone and rearranged everything I spent a year getting to my liking. So that kind of passes me off!	irrelevant information
I don't use it that much but it's decent my wife says it's terrible it's all she has to use right now	irrelevant information
Won't allow pics to go thru as well as half text not coming thru	bug report
Beautiful service thank you very much you guys are amazing	irrelevant information
The app is good except for when we get somewhat hacked and sent SNFW stuff to all servers and friends this is bs this needs to be fixed ASAP	bug report
Great experience, no complaints here.	irrelevant information
If this was a year ago I would have rated this 5 stars, but now that it no longer supports SMS messages I have little use for it. I'm not going to convince normal people to use it, and two messaging apps is a pain to use. Bring back SMS and it will get 5 stars.	feature request
I like this huh good	irrelevant information
This cool to cating	irrelevant information
I spent 4.99 for a SIM card to get text and calls but the SIM card is locked and now I can't use the phone out side of my house	bug report
Used to work great. Now I dread any time I need to open on mobile. Absolute worst app experience on my phone guaranteed every time I use it.	bug report
To many apps There's so many that it takes me out from my messages	irrelevant information
Was working really fine before i decided to update, after i updated and restart the application it just keeps crashing whenever i click to anything except the settings.	bug report
I'll leave my original review below. 1 star as they're removing the best feature. I doubt the platform will survive without SMS: Wow this the best messaging app by far. It's great to have private messages / group messages and all my SMS in one place. It's fully featured too. If only people would ditch WhatsApp so I wouldn't have to juggle two apps (also WhatsApp lacking true security+ owned by Facebook 🙄)	feature request
Well good just that work sometimes to send codes for Whatsapp!	irrelevant information
Friends now at your fingertips: they added a new way to search — you can now find your friends' mobiles and landlines by spelling out their name on the dialpad this feature is good	feature request
Can't recall my account even after changing my password! It's very frustrating!	bug report
Wish zero stars was an option	irrelevant information
The only reason I am giving it this rating is because I have tried to cancel my subscription, but it won't let me. I have sent multiple emails in regards to this and when I recieved a response they sent me to the link that didn't help, and after explaing that no response. I never had a problem with this app I liked it a lot but trying to cancel and get a response is the part I am very fustrated about. I don't want to pay anymore money.	bug report
It's crashing when I'm trying to change channels.	bug report
First to. Chat.	irrelevant information
It's ok but I don't seem to be able to open photos on this app.	bug report
Kinda slow and connection kind of static pauses too much.	bug report
Not recommended for gamers g a m e r s Not recommended for dating. Seen an actual 18+ server... Waste of investigation ahem	irrelevant information
Scheduled messages needed. I activated the SMS/MMS option works well but other apps allow for scheduled messages, also I'd like a mark as read option for muted conversations, oh and please allow for real time location sharing like Whatsapp does. Whatsapp allows for live location sharing for hours or until I turn it off.	feature request
Bluetooth doesn't work on android for calls. Tried everything, nothing fixed the issue.	bug report
not everyone's receiving my messages ):	bug report
Keeps restarting	bug report
Enjoy talking to my loved ones	irrelevant information
Used to be great app, useless after latest update... MSFT, how do you drop basic functions that existed for years!? Good news there are many alternatives on the market today.	bug report
The latest update that totally changed the UI is awful. The app is now MUCH slower, I can't hide people or conversations like I was able to before (if you close a convo the person appears at the top of the dm list page), sometimes a convo gets stuck and I can't scroll down, and messages often disappear (they weren't deleted by either party). Please please please change the UI back to how it was before!!!	bug report
My opinion is very to much	irrelevant information
I use it all the time but u can't use, like, phone number recognition with it,soo.....	feature request
FIRST TIME USING THIS APP ASKED ON FACEBOOK BY MISS DANIELE LAM	irrelevant information
phone or things that you have been searching for online!	irrelevant information
Good app. No crazy bugs	irrelevant information
What a very cool App😁	irrelevant information
Mid but awesome ✊	irrelevant information
The new update took me 4 restarts and 7 force stops, along with 2 network changes to download...	bug report
Calling issue...voice not coming...	bug report
This is so stupid I literally had my account working well and good until it started saying put in ur email even though I already did so I tried logging out and putting my email and it didn't work and istg you better fix this	bug report
It doesn't let me leave Servers sometimes so now I'm stuck in a server and I don't like it	bug report
Haven't used it a lot. Best text/call I've used so far	irrelevant information
Well I give it another shoot worked great for the longest time but now when I open it and make a call an add will play in the back round can't even talk or hear the other person they think it's me but it's the damn add also when I go and message some one it freezes or shuts down I tried on installing it and re installed still the same thing this all is a joke and I will not spend the money when just getting what I can for free is junk oh wait I did pay and it also does the same so I canceled it	bug report
Wynn Wong Skpe Rate this app Edit hisory is public unless you delete the review .Learn more	bug report
Polls regularly break and do not show results.	bug report
It's a great tool to keep our team in the loop	irrelevant information
This is a great app! Never have any problems and it works for our kid's 4H and baseball team's schedules.	irrelevant information
Unfortunately, I see pornographic channels in Discord and report them, but I don't get an answer and the channel doesn't get banned. This will damage Discord's reputation	bug report
Piffington Delivery Service LLC	bug report
🐍Great and very useful and a life saver👍😃	irrelevant information
My PC app hasn't changed but the mobile version now stinks. No way to see who's on in my groups anymore.	feature request
after breaking my pcs metro phone screen, i had no way of keeping in contact with my medical team, thanks to this app im able to text them and keep updated on everything, i will say that calling dont work, but im not complaining...	feature request
Purchased minutes but cannot used it	bug report
Download in too slow	bug report
Not satisfied with messages delivery time , it took 5 to 10 secs to deliver simple written message and if image attached then 30sec I used it regularly, soo I suggested that delivery time must be reduce to 1-2 sec as per on WhatsApp. Please give update regarding this.	feature request
It keeps telling me I must connect to the internet. I have 100% signal and so it won't download.. Very fustrating as I need it for work.	bug report
this is the preferred group messaging app for my generation (millenial) and i can wait understand why. 90% of my experience here has been steady and quite enjoyable. still, there have been weird issues on notifications delivering on time for direct messages or members of various groups not receiving messages at all. only popping up recently too. regardless, this app should get the job done for however many groups you need to collaborate with	bug report
Does what it says, a lot of ads though.	irrelevant information
Does this app is a very useful	irrelevant information
I'm not receiving notifications or seeing newly added members to a group	bug report
battery useage). Please fix it or let me roll back older version	bug report
Why can't I register? I've been trying my phone number for 2 days until it says I've registered too many times. No verification call/text is sent to me.	bug report
Best Hangout to chat with people and make friends! This is so easy to use because I can call my friend to come to his house. This is the best app ever! Especially with no ads lmao	irrelevant information
Most secure app of all time. It's gives you next level security🔒. It's motive is to provide you full protection🛡️	irrelevant information
THIS APP STINKS. THE APP WON'T PICK UP ON THE NUMBERS YOU ARE PUSHING ON YOUR PHONE!!! FRUSTRATED BEYOND WORDS. DITCHING THE APP RIGHT NOW 😣😣😣😣	bug report
Nice one, but little lack in UI.	feature request
This new update did nothing except to take away the mark all read feature. The avatars still flicker in and out and in some cases are no longer there.	bug report
I liked text free till the last update. Now the app wont push notifications through till i open it, which wouldnt be an issue except it mutes my music, reroutes the audio to my bluetooth headset from the headphone port, then will not let me change the audio back to my headphone until i force close the app. Maybe if this problem gets resolved I'll rate it higher, till then I'm thinking about going to a different texting app.	bug report
Good. But, horrible resigned UI.	feature request
My experience has been ok. I'm stil getting use to the app.	irrelevant information
Very useful. Keep Zuckerberg out of messages.	irrelevant information
It didnt have my area code	bug report
I may have to uninstall this app because there is no option to block calls	bug report
I LOVE discord and all but i HATE that I cant put 12 am starting time without it switching to pm or full on reseting it's annoying.	feature request
Poor reception, battery draining, and has my phone lagging like its from 2010	bug report
Love discord. Wish i could use it on my smartwatch!	feature request
The new update was good but not showing who ended up the call in a conference and to make a person as admin i think they will let it clear	feature request
Love the app but the ad app need to be smaller	feature request
BRING BACK THE OLD UI!!!	feature request
My problem with the app is the ads	bug report
Bow to the next day	irrelevant information
It's just a simple group chat app. Gets the job done without complicated formatting or lengthy menus.	irrelevant information
Very basic message forum. The search function is horrible. Can't delete messages. File sharing is difficult, links often don't work.	bug report
Voice messages getting scrambled but confirmed microphone is working correctly	bug report
Too many adds remove them and you'll get 5 stars enable to see whether our messages are seen or unseen please!	feature request
Awful it will not let me join a group. I click the link and it loads in the browser, then I sign in and it doesn't open the group I joined when I log in. Bull	bug report
Best calling and texting app without any issues .	irrelevant information
It automailed everybody before you even send a message to them. People can't barely stop all the messages...nightmarish to say the  least	bug report
I find the application magnificent with enhancing web communication, a high quality associated company, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ ,Fortune 500 © 📰🍳🍞🌄	irrelevant information
Get streaming capabilities.	feature request
I like discord. I like it because I can be myself I like it when i have friends who care about me. I like discord because it's the reason I'm alive.	irrelevant information
Dear discord team, the reason I m giving it 3 star is whenever I open discord and go to any channel discord crashes and when I open it again it again crashes Please solve this problem	bug report
Love the app. Always gets me connected to whom I'm attempting to connect with. The ads tho. Omg too frequent.	feature request
Back to one star, would be great if you stopped removing the AMOLED dark mode on a whim. Very disappointed. Oh it gets even worse. Tried the new UI and lost the option to switch back to classic. Been using Discord since 2015 and have witnessed it decline steadily.	bug report
Always had to confirm that I was not a robot when logging in, sometimes it taking up to 15 minutes to log in. I had been using TextNow at my old workplace and I was going to integrate it but when I try to register an account it immediately bans me. 😞 It's great when it works though	bug report
very slow to respond when typing.and voice messages take forever to load.once you listen the voice message and goes back and wanna hear again then start loading again take long time to load.very annoying.please update the app and make it better so it doesn't have to take forever to load voice messages.same with typing keeps freezing for a few seconds and then start working very very slow even on high end android smartphones	bug report
It doesn't allow me to sign in or create a new account. Keep on saying check you internet connection. In which I have since I was able to download the app and so.	bug report
Pain. To send photo	bug report
it's best	irrelevant information
Ever since the UI update, the app has gotten a lot harder to navigate and use casually. The biggest problem is quality of life features getting worse after this update. For example, pinned messages in DM's no longer showing who sent the message and images there no longer being embeded, servers and DM's being entirely seperate tabs and therefore harder to keep an eye on and many more. I use the Discord app frequently and think it's overall great, but with every update it just seems to get worse.	feature request
Good, except that there has been something like connection problems a lot lately despite using wifi, me and my friends tried using WhatsApp group call and it works just fine	bug report
Having a ton of fun with this app! YouTube is so restrictive but I can actually discuss vids, share photos, share links without restriction here while we watch on YouTube.	irrelevant information
Poor performance and keep getting Press&Hold again again	bug report
1 - Lacks the ability to block a user 2 - It does not give you the option to uninstall emojis. Halloween on June? 3 - Some emojis are so small you can not even see them!	feature request
IT USES PERSONAL DATA	irrelevant information
Was having issues sending messages. Logged out and then back in and lost all my group conversations.	bug report
Would b so much better if it was actually free	feature request
Will not give me my messages Everytime I think I have a message I have to refresh the app so I can get my messages.	bug report
What about UAE?	irrelevant information
Great app guys and girls, ladies and gentlemen.	irrelevant information
I've been using discord since 2016, probably before that with an older account and I absolutely can't stand this newest update for mobile. Please discord, don't fitlx what isn't broken. I'll won't be renewing my nitro. :<	feature request
Latest UI update is laggy and buggy as a Bethesda game at launch. Do some QA or revert. Or give us an option to stay legacy ui. This is stupid.	bug report
Bad UI. After the update, the application became laggy and harder to use.	bug report
The app is laggy to the point of unusability.	bug report
Love it a good back up to have	irrelevant information
this is good for communication and stuff, but ppl can be rlly gross and toxic	irrelevant information
I mean it's alright	irrelevant information
I like the new updates but I don't like the lagging. I can't see anyone's messages right away. I have to go out of the chat refresh and go back in.	bug report
After 2 minutes of connection, the other party cannot hear me.	bug report
One of the best apps ever! It is alot better then what you think it is.	irrelevant information
Recommendation: Story upload option (like ig/messenger) , permanent deletion of a conversation. Also, it would be great if there was an option of selecting all messages that you've sent,and delete them. Also, "seen" when somebody has seen your message, would be great	feature request
After verification, I still can't send messages to someone.	bug report
I love how the app is and how it makes it easy to text everyone at the same time but I strongly dislike how they updated the mobile layout, if that didn't change I would give this more stars	feature request
Freezes my phone when I try to receive or make calls. Takes forever to send or receive text messages	bug report
Since update, I lost all my friends	bug report
It's good but it stopped working it won't work	bug report
It flagged my account before I could even use it	bug report
My account got disabled twice, waste of time	bug report
Originally dropped from 5 to 4. Now from 4 to 3, and I've canceled my subscription. I've had to revert back to an older version of the app which comes with the sacrifices one might expect from doing that, but it is necessary for the functionality I need. Very curious to see how Discord goes from here, and I hope it succeeds, but I am not too optimistic. Dramatic maybe, but it feels like Skype's last three years where the best response you could give was "ugh, fine, whatever I guess." Ho-hum.	irrelevant information
Worst updates ever. Bring back old layout. New layout of the app sucks.	feature request
Can't figure out how to delete spam messages I've been sent.	feature request
worries me that I can't delete them out of my contacts	feature request
I think it's great besides when I call out or calls in its only a couple seconds and then it drops. Help!	bug report
I can't use the app it kicks me out right away I tried restarting my phone ten times looking at YouTube videos and nothing worked I tried re installing and un installing and I tried doing this on my other phone and it's the same problem I tried TextNow and it's works way better please fix this	bug report
Images/gifs are horrendously cropped and compressed (I have full nitro, it shouldn't be compressed!), editing channels, viewing profiles or editing messages are scaled down to a window so tiny you can't even see what your clicking on or reading channels disappear halfway while scrolling. I could keep listing problems but I'm hitting the character limit. It's unusable. Edit: 5 Months later and this is still a bug, though restarting fixes it now, It shouldn't be a bug when it's been 5 months.	bug report
App does not work. Only buffers with a please wai msg	bug report
Every time I try to use it, it keeps saying it has an ultra rare error and won't let me sign in	bug report
After an entire week they finally re enabled my wife's account. I've been using discord for so long and I love it but dealing with the trust and safety team has left me completely disappointed. The response time was terrible, the responses were terrible and I don't feel safe or trust the team to act justly swiftly. It really sucked to go through this especially after spending $150 on nitro and boosts. Discord don't even bother disabling underage accounts if you can't respond appropriately	bug report
The recent UI update is horrible. The general theme is awful, and the right side bar is GONE. Please revert!	feature request
Sorry app cannot get my account back for some reason	bug report
I don't think i like discord very much due to the new look, it looks so weird and unusual..i will surely use discord less :(	feature request
dropping stars because the bottom ads makes it too hard to see what I type and enter it to send. I dont mind ads on free apps, but when they render the app almost unuseable, its time to find another one	bug report
Thought you were here to help people. Blocking Iran numbers to help the government? Shame on you.	irrelevant information
Calls are way too choppy and distorted	bug report
Got no idea why discord can't figure out good UX. The new update has merged active now menu with friends list. It's not really intuitive.	feature request
All of a sudden I am getting error messages with anything I try to do within the app. Can't send messages or calls	bug report
It's the best thing for communication tbh mobile kinda wonky but it works best on PC	irrelevant information
One of the best Video calling app. I love the recording feature. But need some improvements. 1. Easy downloading photos, videos, docs etc (Select all, select manually, select all audio, select all video by date or time). 2.Download manager (To see download progress). 3. Recording conversation in both full screen (not cropped). 4. 5mins (atleast) video file sending limit. Thanks Skype. Keep doing a great job.	feature request
this app works well when I need to give out my number and don't want to give up my privacy. I like it a lot.	irrelevant information
Horrible new UI update makes the app extremely laggy, unintuitive to use and FULL of bugs. Switching from DMs to Servers takes forever, and the pages themselves take up so much unnecessary space.	bug report
Great. Still working on figuring out how to keep it from interfering with my actual service line when i make or receive calls	irrelevant information
having issues with unsent messages	bug report
Too many issues trying to get it to send vid, pics and text ! Giving me explanation marks never sending even after retrying. This is NOT a very useful app for group messaging. Im back to glide... Yeah no bug fixes were applied :(... Im uninstalling!	bug report
Was a great app, had no complaints. Unfortunately the new layout is unintuitive and generally less efficient than the previous one. You can change it back in the settings for now, but I've heard they'll remove that next year. It's definitely a strange decision to push this.	feature request
Pretty solid overall and great privacy peace of mind. Bit of feedback it needs to do better and handling large video files instead of just saying it's too big. The quality recorded by new phones at 4k 60 means the large filesizes. Apps like Whatsapp actually compress the video and send it.	feature request
Took long time in sending n recieving files ss compared to watsap.but	bug report
So far it does wifi texting as it should. It also came with 60 minutes of wifi voice which is a plus.The text layout it too large on a tablet but good on phone. Recommend a better layout on tablet.	feature request
It's one of the better ways to communicate with others who are your friends and Associates. Have enjoyed texting on here and sharing with others	irrelevant information
not receiving notifications until hours after being sent	bug report
i think it would be very cool if you guys could fix this app. whenever i want to check the users list in a server i have to click on the icons because dragging stopped working, isn't that great! edit: did what the dev told me to do and it still doesn't work ❤ fix the app please ❤❤	bug report
It works but the calls won't go through or it won't tell me if I have message or miss calls	bug report
I wanna love this app so much because u get legit FREE TEXTING AND CALLS and it's TRULY UNLIMITED the calls aren't the best quality... However the ads are awful and whenever it's on my phone,my phone gets messed up! Starts running slow af have to clear cookies and cache often. So that's annoying but Inna pinch if u need a wifi number I'd get this one.	bug report
Many friends do not receive notifications and thus no responses	bug report
Its skype you either love it or you hate it. Works for me 99% of the time so all good with me	irrelevant information
The best and most private messenger available. Clean and minimal UI. No gimmicks and unnecessary features. Absolutely amazing!	irrelevant information
Cool app but it doesn't show people's phone numbers	bug report
When i call from my Chromebook book. So screen sharing does not happen. Which causes a lot of trouble.	bug report
Im happy about about the new update but PLEEEASE BRING BACK OBSIDIAN MODE	feature request
is there a way to un-update this? God the new mobile update is awful, it's slow, it's broken some things entirely, images don't load, not to mention completely changed the format to an almost unusable state. I hope this gets fixed soon as Ive been a long time user, I can't use this man.	feature request
Honestly, for Many Years it was really good until the recent update. It's trash, the navigation. Also to check who is online and who isn't. Plus, it's glitchy now. It was a useless update. They were trying to fix something which needed no fixing. Mark my words they'll now use this to promote nitro. Discord Should revert back to previous settings. The Ratings also took a massive hit, look how they're at 3.4 rn	bug report
Skype has the most unintuitive and difficult user interface. I use hundreds of apps, but this one always manages to confuse me. The sound and video quality is poor, compared to Whatsapp.	irrelevant information
Without any potential doubt This is by far the most reliable n consistent regarding the quality of services m network.	irrelevant information
For texting this is one of the best apps for mobile, but the amazing audio for PC simply does not apply for mobile, making this one of the worst ways to call someone on your phone. The audio quality on mobile for yourself, other users, and streams is just so horrible that a lot of the time you will simply be unable to understand the other people that are talking and quiet parts of streams aren't able to be heard at all. I absolutely love discord, my #1 messaging service, but don't VC on mobile.	bug report
If it ain't broke, don't fix The mobile app has been progressively getting worse and more unusable and bloated as the years have gone on, this latest update broke foldable ui completely as well	bug report
Not good for smartphone. Quite slower than PC Skype	bug report
It would be fine if I didn't have to verify my login multiple times a day.	bug report
Horrible for the Short time I used it	irrelevant information
This app isn't secure and safe, messages have been used as evidence despite claiming to destroy messages after the time limit. Beware not safe	bug report
Love it, I have more friends that actually love me more then in real life. Good way to find people to support you! But I don't get why things are gatekeeped from mobile users. Stickers and sounds for soundboards aren't accessible on mobile, hell even some settings aren't on mobile, this would be 5 but the gatekeeped things bring it down.	feature request
The One With best advertising Promo and Free .	irrelevant information
This app is actually garbage since the update. I can't find anything and it's incredibly hard to navigate!! Not only that but it's incredibly annoying how yall put a paywall over changing yr BANNER...	feature request
Unfortunately they are removing SMS, meaning this app becomes useless for anything but connecting with other signal users.	feature request
This app runs really slow with this latest update, making it a pain to use.	bug report
We are able to communicate as a group without texting individually. This app works great for team members.	irrelevant information
Not even really free	irrelevant information
phone; then it redirects to the Google play store to install the app. It	feature request
Remember when Skype was the consumer VoIP calling app of choice, because it was easy to understand, easy to use, free for Skype-to-Skype users, and excellently priced for Skype-to-phone calls? Other than the last bit, the new Skype app is anything but easy especially for non-tech savvy users. Why?	feature request
I've been using this app for years now, suddenly after I changed my number, I can't send pics anymore, any advice?	bug report
I've been with you now for apx 6-7 mos. I can call & get calls. But you are "TEXT Now" & I can not text. ?Why??? I've asked this before, alot. With no response.	bug report
the new theme looks terrible	feature request
The most recent UI update to the app is awful and has made the experience of using the app significantly worse.	feature request
Great App! Very Grateful for Free Texting and Calling App! Thank U!! Advertising Blows, butt its Free!!	irrelevant information
fun to play around a d text	irrelevant information
I have to refresh the page just to get my message and on top of that the program over runs which kills it on my phone! But it's the only one that will let me have a local number	bug report
update: keeps getting more and more &$#@!!! Getting the impression the dev is deliberately breaking this app! serious bugs installed since the last "bug fix" ++ and at $14/month we should expect better, unfortunately it is definitely a trend with this app. Lately it got confused and served me a bunch of adds even with a paid subscription (after about a week of it operating at the speed of an 80s fax machine), was that really a "glitch" or an attempt to triple their winnings? 🏚️🧐🤳💸🤑🏭💸💸🤑	bug report
Crazy lag when sending and receiving messages.	bug report
it's a very good app it works well but I've just recently had having problems with it shutting off and shutting down now	bug report
SO ❤️ SO ELEGANT 💕 JUST LOOKING LIKE A 😲 THIS APP IS BETTER THAN QUARA. OOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMGGGGGGG👏👍👏👍👏👍👏👍👏👍🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳😍😍😍😍😍😍😍👏🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓😻😻😻😻😻❤️❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕♥️♥️♥️❣️❣️❣️	irrelevant information
Works really great comes in handy when you need it and I've definitely needed it thank you text now	irrelevant information
Making calls is VERY difficult. App likes to take over my calls out even though I disable it.	bug report
I bought the China landline package for 4.99 on September 23rd, 2023. And it turns out to be China no longer accept Skype calls before I bought the package. I asked for refund from Google play and Google play says it is against their refund policy. They should not sell a Skype China package when they know they can not reach china by Skype.	bug report
I love this app it always help me	irrelevant information
i like it, but i hate the new update. I prefer the old one. I miss some of the swipe actions and its just rly annoying.	feature request
Great experience. Awesome way to keep family connected	irrelevant information
will use this anymore, although used this app for more than many years.	irrelevant information
Video chat is broken since last update.	bug report
I cannot send any videos all of a sudden(12/20) Still cannot send videos (06/21)	bug report
Latest update is horrible in a long line of updates that have made this app worse. Only makes navigation more difficult and cluttered in every aspect, doesn't fix any bugs that have been around for over a year by now, and somehow performance is even worse. But hey, you can change the app icon? I guess? Edit: RE: Developer Response "Our app isn't bad, you're just bad at using it!" Nah, eat me. Instead of reading that article I think I'll just cancel my Nitro.	bug report
Great app. A little slow sometimes 5/7 perfect score	irrelevant information
It fun to have	irrelevant information
Is great but not that great	irrelevant information
Very slow and not giving clear video calls at UAE	bug report
Voice channels play through phone speaker even when Bluetooth is selected Edit: Tried both of those options before posting. Neither work.	bug report
New UI is a joke. It's now less intuitive, features are hidden behind more clicks for absolutely no reason, and the layout is a mess, with items moved from always being stacked to the top-left allign down, now to absolutely everywhere on the screen, while having longer animations making navigation a absolute pain. It's like they changed the app for the sake of change, not for the user's benefit. Please Discord, if you actually care about your userbase, make changes that benefit them, not hinder	feature request
It's a wonderful alternative to WhatsApp, but Signal is unfortunately getting rid of one of their best features; SMS support; for no real good reason. As such, only 2 stars.	feature request
Today I went on the app to send a text,.. come to find out that the number I had with all my calls and texts all disappeared. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app and get a completely different number now. Would like to know what happened.	bug report
Don't like the update at all... with many things now different it's difficult to get used to.	feature request
The new update is garbage change it back i swear to god	bug report
Messages get stuck sending and do not end untill I re install chat. Not convient having to do more than once a day. Please fix this problem; message stuck sending idle	bug report
The newest update for the mobile app made unnecessary changes to the layout. It's not as easy now switching between servers and private messages and has become cumbersome. To top it off it's not allowing for certain users to upload videos or pictures while on mobile.	feature request
I got a message about christmas planning 3 weeks later and 6 days after christmas...	irrelevant information
Happy that this app was made the honest developers of the WhatsApp, My experience using this app? It's a sense of security that my data is safe together with my privacy.	irrelevant information
previous version was much better..the new verision is too much slow.. sometimes is does not notify me about incoming message.. and  most important is it's getting slow after few times and also mobile keyboard does not work properly... how can I use the previous version??	bug report
No one likes the new update layout. Make it an option to change it back	feature request
New Vaerson.	irrelevant information
Its great. Have no problems with this app so far.	irrelevant information
I don't think it is that great because when it say text free call free it makes you buy minutes for the calls or watch a video for 1 minute I would not pass down this app ummmm....... So if you are looking for a real app that doesn't make you buy minutes I would Not recremond this app at all but if you still want it that is okay 👌👌	bug report
Congrats on making the mobile app unusable. I open it to have it lag for a minute straight and struggle to load anything. The set up now also just isnt intuitive.	bug report
I love the app, really, but I think you should add a select message muting (as in you can mute certain people in group chats).	feature request
another overhyped flop.	irrelevant information
Message receipt is delayed constantly...  Sometimes as long as a day after.	bug report
Too many adds for me	irrelevant information
Horrible. Doesnt work. Tried calling works for 5 seconds then drops call. Give me a damn aneurism	bug report
I really appreciate this app and all the flexibility it offers. The one thing I'm really missing from it is the ability to pin a couple of posts to the top in a group. I want to be able to pin a calendar, a meditation and directions to different events throughout the month. Whatever's most current for whatever we are up to. I get tired of scrolling through trying to find things. ALSO...After being added to a group I'd really like to be able to see the old posts. Thanks!!!!!	feature request
Very bad experience with the app	bug report
It is okay but not receiving messages	bug report
Well this app has been comfortable since I started using it	irrelevant information
Before we can only get 19 classmates on a group text but now everybody can join in	feature request
Fix it please or I will ttake my buisness elsewhere	bug report
I love this app, it is wonderful, but I cant get any notifications, I've sent a support ticket, and the guy you had help me tried but he just couldnt fix it, please help	bug report
It's useful, it's easy to use, it's probably my favourite app :D Edit: The new update is really bad	feature request
If anyone asks, I don't use this app, but I heard it's great *homer backing into the bushes slowly*	irrelevant information
Good for keeping everyone I the loop. But, Too many notifications.	feature request
Won't let me keep any number. I automatically use it as soon as I get it but it keeps telling me I am inactive.	bug report
App was a huge help back when I used to travel overseas for work and used Hotspot connections. I've started getting telemarketing calls through the app recently, and noticing it's making my phone ring instead of through the app. Voicemail that pops up is my personal voicemail, which I've never set on the app. Call forwarding isn't active. I'm on an android and recently installed the OS update.	bug report
It is a great app. It sometimes lags but the app is a life saver!!!!¡	irrelevant information
The app is not working properly for last two weeks. The opposition caller can clearly see me but I cannot see and voice is breaking all the way. Please rectify.	bug report
Nice free app that lets you text your friends. Would recommend	irrelevant information
Swipe to reply needs to have an option to revert back to swipe for member list.	feature request
Can not have not used it to know how it works. Thanks	irrelevant information
Terrible I tried to get a confirmation code sent to my number and it's not coming through	bug report
I've used Discord for years but the UI change is really frustrating. All of the positions of everything have been changed around, leading to me struggling to find people's DMs. All the icons feel unfamiliar now and pinned images literally just say "1 image" now. Absolute horrible UI update.	feature request
Horrible, worst updates ever, videos don't send, it crashes and freezes sometimes. Fix your app maybe? edit: VIDEOS STOP HALFWAY THROUGH UPLOAD AND AM UNABLE TO DO ANYTHING UNLESS I UNINSTALL AND REINSTALL	bug report
I entered in my area code and it said it is not valid.	bug report
Ever since I did the update, I can't even open up the conversations page. And it takes minutes to load. It used to be instantaneous, and now it is one of the most difficult apps I have downloaded on my phone.	bug report
constantly bothers me with new pop ups about stuff that i don't care about when i open the app. would be a 5 if it just stopped annoying me.	feature request
That's application are really good	irrelevant information
The notification doesn't work.	bug report
Trying to create an account and and select that robot thing it keeps coming and coming	bug report
horrible app. in the beginning was awesome but now every call drop off after 55 seconds. even if u reserve your number and have available minutes doesn't work.	bug report
This is stupid. Textnow locked my number completley. If you are looking for an app just to call or text a person, use somthing else.	bug report
Remove of the sms functionality breaks it for me. Using the default sms app, even if im not happy totally with it, since it is by google and requires my google account ... Very sad	bug report
I love discord n all and i would def give it 5 stars.. but lately I used my friends email and only one or two days/nights later , it says verify your email even though my friend did..	bug report
New app is somewhat non responsive, and messages do not get delivered on time. Calls are still good.	bug report
I had trouble signing in but otherwise its awesome!	bug report
It's horrible when I have to get a new phone so I don't have a lot of work and I'm sorry for the family that farts and stinks oh wait that's your's, you stink.	irrelevant information
Discord doesn't listen to their community, they really don't care. The UI changes nobody asked for the and "nitro gift" feature right next to "send" button is painful as hell.	feature request
Lately, the mobile app won't complete a comment reply that includes a picture or video. It will still post the comment, but the reply tag attached to the comment will not go through at all. It really ruins the continuity of a discussion. I've updated my app to the current version as well.	bug report
Sound and video does not work at all and no one from Skype will help or refuses to help	bug report
Great app for small servers with friends, but good lordy please revert back to the old app layout, the new one is way too impractical, and it's forcing me and many others to having to learn how to navigate the app all over again.	feature request
Eh whatever	irrelevant information
I'm in a group message for a club at school and I only got three notifications. I'm not getting anything anymore and I can't get rid of the notification number next to the text free name	bug report
Good source of information	irrelevant information
So far this has been a good app for my Bible study with friends	irrelevant information
My expirience here in this app.is good thank you skype	irrelevant information
Way way better than "WhatApp" which steals our data! And with recent updates has turned into Social Media app, getting us addicted to their nonsense.	irrelevant information
They touched the perfectly good UI like how the discord staff likes to touch kids	feature request
If your looking for a texting app. It's great. However, if you are trying to exchange pictures, you can send but not receive.	feature request
great app, by why do you keep updating it so whenever we change our user, our tag scrables too.	feature request
Why need minutes?	irrelevant information
Not worth having to check yet another app for messages now that they've taken away sms.	irrelevant information
Why the hell isn't the dark theme option available on Android, but its on iOS	feature request
Was good for 6 months until now. Everytime I try and open it it says that the app has stopped.im updating it now and I hope it works 😤	bug report
Okay I don't get proper notification when my friend is chatting with me	bug report
It has its good days and it's bad days	irrelevant information
It's stupid too many ads and it's not free you have to pay for minutes	bug report
Need text free with voice likes the iphone or ipod version. Please brings feature over to android. I'll boost it to 5 stars	feature request
Super...... i love you skype Best chating app in world. Chating, calling, and video calling super... Super.. Super	irrelevant information
Its an abandoned ship, feels like developers don't even care about fixing bugs anymore!	bug report
good chat client	irrelevant information
I find receiving messages from this site annoying and cumbersome. ONE friend insists that he use this. Most of the times I get his same messages on Signal AND my standard T-Mobile platform. And I end up having.to respond to both locations! WHY IS THERE AN APP like SIGNAL?	feature request
Would be a 5 star if the app didn't crash sometimes when trying to send a video or a picture from the gallery. Most definitely a great app, but that's just the one downside I have as of now.	bug report
It's cumbersome, doesn't easily allow for replies so posts stack up with no real organization. If it weren't for the manager of my department insisting we use this app when the rest of the company uses Slack, I would uninstall and never look back.	feature request
Try it if going to like it	irrelevant information
Can't go thru the verification. After eight times, it still says need to verify. Finally it locked me out saying I attempted too many times like it's my issue	bug report
Ne update is awful.No thanks	irrelevant information
Can't send pictures. Only text messages. The old version worked. This app sucks ASS	bug report
TOO MANY ADS	irrelevant information
It won't let me uninstall you	bug report
It's okay has a few glitches when send a photo	bug report
The texting is great. However I am a bit upset that they removed the feature that allows you to see if someone read your text. Calls are not that clear and get tend to freeze my screen.	bug report
It been very helpful in these times	irrelevant information
just one need to be compromised, the number need to be owned by the holder once they picked. Do not give to another client please	irrelevant information
its has improve a lot but sometimes if you talk on speakers you can't hear	bug report
Phonecalls drop or are very static.	bug report
the app has been actually becoming good on mobile finally the buggest issue is connection problems with the chat and calls	bug report
Discord Mod Fatso 💩💩	irrelevant information
It's a decent app, but I wish it had user interface and features that rivaled Slack.	feature request
Painfully slow since last update. Do your guys even bother testing?	bug report
It's an alright app the thing is sending videos are hard. I light sent my mom a FIVE seconds video and I told me it was to large......... Y'all need to work on that because what the Hail..? Also the (okay wifi) (excellent wifi) (bad wifi) that's the thing that really tiks me off. It skips it laggy and when I'm on mute they can still hear me but this app is good for contacting ppl ONLY if you have excellent wifi. But other than that I guess the app is okay but ya cool app can text and all✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨	feature request
Great 👌 for anything	irrelevant information
Awesome app. 👍 Thank you for keeping it simple 🤘😎	irrelevant information
Indeed to use the phone in order to rate it.	irrelevant information
not getting notifications unless app is open	bug report
Do not buy a Sim Card...save your money. Followed direction to install the card, App even says...."your now connected to the network". Only we're not.... support system they have set up is not helpful at all.	bug report
#1 tendence soon , i love it soo much 🫀	irrelevant information
This was great until they abandoned SMS/MMS. Now I can hardly use it because no one is on Signal. Now it's a ghost town.	feature request
LOVE THIS APP 💕💕	irrelevant information
Some calls are amazing, simply amazing!!! Then there are the other calls. If the weather isn't perfect, the calls aren't either.	irrelevant information
Do not always work	bug report
Android app version no longer keeps a record of calls made and received. :-( Sound is often crackly and video can be pixellated at times. Connection is often poor, despite good wifi at both ends of the call.	bug report
I've used this app for years now and this new update honestly sucks the big box covering messages when on call the separate areas for servers and texts is complicated more than any belief. Me n my partner are struggling to even use it as we are long distance. Would prefer if u changed it back or we could disable the change 😟	feature request
Someone is disrespecting the chat that's all	irrelevant information
The best social interaction app. Not even UPI payments have this kind of security. It is the best in terms of security and all the other features. It feels like the developer has gone through the thorough discussion and came up with all the requirements and expectations people want from this app. You can share 500Mb of 4k video within 2 minutes and WhatsApp never does that. Highly secured and WhatsApp never does that.	feature request
Difficult staying in group	irrelevant information
This app forced me to delete videos and photos of my family to update. It also held my calls and messages ransom till I uploaded it.	bug report
It's my favorite apps for texting and stuff but the mobile version still needs to be heavily optimized there are just lot of bugs and inconvenient ways to pull something off. Like sometimes when i open the app it doens't load anything unless i re-open the app completely. The images sometimes dont load at all. Replying feels very inconvenient as you need to hold down the message to be able to reply. With these and a few more problems fixed this could be perfect. The desktop version is much bettr	bug report
Galaxy S9+. App will not update group member nicknames, shows removed members as still in group. Videos load at their leisure. Worked much better on my iPhone...	bug report
It disconnects	bug report
Doesn't work at all when VPN is running.	bug report
Disappointed that there removing SMS support. Time to change to telegram	feature request
The app was great, worked great, no issues. Then they updated it with a bad file process because in order to get it to ACTUALLY work, you have to manually uninstall and then reinstall. Works again now, we'll see if it messes up again.	bug report
It is a very poor app, it does not work	bug report
Hey , when I'm in a call sometimes the other party can't hear me . I already tried reinstall	bug report
Slow, extremely slow and bloated, its like my phone is trying to swim through molasses when I open anything.	bug report
The previous setup was so much better. This new version isn't complicated, but it's not user friendly. Having my channels down the left side was far more convenient. Having my voice channel icon just overlay on top of everything is just asinine, there's no reason for that.	feature request
App rules rainy HAHAHAHAAHAHAAHA and the other day and night🌃 and the other side is a must see for more info information about it is the best👍💯 of a kind heart and❤ soul is a must be so I could have to❤it was to was talking with the other hand is it that you are the most beautiful and talented young people and the❤ same way as the to see you at all of us have to be the best of all we can do to get the❤ best👍 to the public on my phone📱📱 is go back and I love must have to do it again and	irrelevant information
After a year close my account saying that I violated terms and conditions and will not let me sign up again. That was my primary phone number to.. This app sucks...	bug report
good app, but there are SOOOOOOOOOO many bugs its really annoying	bug report
When I'm trying to clear my call log, a lot of the numbers can't be deleted.... why??	bug report
I like the app for communication within a large group. It avoids keeping multiple text chats going. I appreciate the ability to love a comment and mute or leave the group when desired. I would prefer to be able to completely delete conversations, but that is not possible; I'd like to see that in an update.	feature request
Safe and secure messaging app, very good.	irrelevant information
I've used this app for almost 8 years and it's been great. However now that they're dropping support for SMS/MMS messages, I'm uninstalling the app and will use Google messages. Too impractical to use two different messaging apps... Seems like a horrible mistake for Signal, my family only installed it for me so they'll obviously be uninstalling it as well. They're far less tech savvy to even consider dealing with two apps.	feature request
Very bad app after the last update I can't even open or reply to messages very awful	bug report
Ye, it's fine	irrelevant information
Works great! No issues. Best for texting friends in other countries.	irrelevant information
good for texting not so good for calls	bug report
The app is completely broken and doesn't work at all anymore, can you explain to me how the last update was actually an update and not a downdate	bug report
Everytime I open it, there's an update which take a minimum of 15-20 minutes resulting in time wastage and defeating the purpose of watching something together based on a fixed schedule. Everyone is not always available to sit around for these updates so it would be better if we get an option when to update instead of forcing the update on us randomly!!!	bug report
I'm trying to use My phone rigut now	irrelevant information
It was great at first! But now ill get notifications of new texts, but when i go to open the app the messages are no longer there! This has happened to the last 3 or 4 texts. Its very upsetting knowing i have important messages that i can not see! Hopefully its fixed soon.	bug report
Each time I put in the code they gave me it keeps saying the code is already being used or code is invalid	bug report
Breakin the law! Breakin the law! Are lyrics to a song.	irrelevant information
I can't genuinely express how much I hate the update. Your app from being fair and good performance now to worst. Switching servers and channels gotten slow with delay and even bugged. Even sending messages frequently fail only to be resent the next time I open the app, finding out I just replied now. I don't see why the change unless you're getting rid of mobile users to save your server storage by making your app worst. Please do fix it and address with honesty with users. Do not ruin further.	bug report
I find skyp very useful for my official work .	irrelevant information
Disappointed ☹️ Call quality is flop Dn download it	bug report
Good, but cannot get rid of 'new message' notification for some reason.	bug report
I give this a 3 star beacuse is usefull but on the otherhand, when I create accounts it won't let me, please fix that.	bug report
Absolutely terrible. Only app that gets updates and gets exponentially slower. So many unnecessary "features". Skype has really become absolutely terrible.	bug report
Very hard to use with Midjourney from the newest update. It keeps auto-snapping down to the bottom of the channel between every one click so you have to scroll all the way back up to where you were to do anything more and then it snaps you right back down *again*. Super frustrating to use	bug report
It drops calls ALOT and then it let you only some of the time earn minutes but watch videos. Earning minutes bug other promotions don't work	bug report
I don't like it very much beacaus this app is super lag (・∀・)	bug report
Open clear these apps	irrelevant information
I like it to be able to talk to my friends, but it won't let me change there names anymore, and I've tried everything to fix it.	bug report
This new mobile UI is clunky, unresponsive, and makes it harder to navigate.	bug report
Compermized by goverment	irrelevant information
Getting too much unread messages when installed sim card. So disappointed	bug report
For some reason the app will not let me change my profile picture. It literally does not give an option to save and it's really making me mad!	bug report
I cant share my screen on my android tablet anymore. It'll let me show the discord app, but when i try to stream a game, it wont work.	bug report
Spent two hours trying to get a number without any leadway or anything.	bug report
Very bad I can't login 😥	bug report
this app isvery fast	irrelevant information
I've had nothing but issues with this app and I'm sick to death of it. I don't get notified when I get messages, or I'll send a message from my notification bar but that message will just disappear and not get sent. Do something about all the issues this stupid app has or my bf and I will be uninstalling it.	bug report
Hello! I just noticed that I'm experiencing a weird bug when it comes to sending images. I'm not sure if anyone else is experiencing this, but it keeps saying "error to send message" when I try to send images through certain chats. I've already tried clearing cache on the app, Uninstalling and reinstalling, and even checked my network connection. I can try it again, but I wanted to bring it to your guys' attention to see if you knew about it. Thank you!	bug report
I am not able to connect to other people at specified time, i am getting calls 15 mins later. Why the delay in timing???	bug report
Would be perfect if you could delete ppl, groups, and convos!	feature request
It's not free at all they want you you pay money to activate. They shouldn't charge just like Facebook and instead charge the companies that want to advertise	bug report
Why does it say free calls, but gives you a free 60 minutes? Shouldn't they all be free?	feature request
I staterted using this app again after a year and it deleted my number which is understandable, but after I racked up 120min it would start and then kick me out l. Have tried everything I can think of and would like sone help please :)	bug report
Is very fast and convenient to use anytime anywhere	irrelevant information
The Old original version was so much better before Microsoft got their hands on it and ruined it, I have used Skype for years but now it takes so long to boot up on phone, it's so annoying, you can't see who is online anymore and the whole layout is rubbish, I don't receive any notification on my phone so I never know if I have messages. My desktop version is so much better but the original was always the best before Microsoft!	bug report
So, I've been using Discord for a few years now and it's experience has been decent Now, with what I believe is the latest update, I have ceased updating the app. After talking with multiple people, the general consensus is that the UI changes should be reverted. I realize that the number is not necessarily indicitive of the whole population of Discord's users, but I do ask that it be taken into account that, out of approximately 30 people, over 20 said to revert the mobile UI changes.	feature request
Can not see everyone reply	bug report
Your app refuses to let me make a account, I know it's not the wifi or now phone.	bug report
Want to use the same account on two devices	feature request
It's ok I guess still has it's flews	irrelevant information
It's just ok, some bugs	bug report
I can't get video on my side of the phone they can see me but I can't see them	bug report
TextNow Very one that needs this app. Should have it, on the spot phone number good to work with. Thank you Dave Tafoya	irrelevant information
Discord needs to force all groups to not use verify phone number cuz this is very annoying.	feature request
Its not bad, it's not the greatest app ever but it works for what it is.	irrelevant information
Was amazing up till Microsoft DESTROYED it. Just useless, so many bugs, bad UI, so sad.	bug report
It keeps incorrectly telling me I have no Internet	bug report
Recent UI update sucks. Will update if fixed. Mobile UI is laggy, unintuitive, and feels like I'm at 200% zoom. The previous UI was fine please fix it or revert to previous.	feature request
It Is honestly going smoothly until recent update, i cant send anymor epictures and its always stuck ona certian amount. This sicks since im in a art server and i want to send my drawings but cant, i have tried everything and nothing works. Please fix this its is very annoying	bug report
The app doesnt ring when you recieve calls, i cantacted support got no response...what sense does it make if the app doesnt ringer when you get called and just forces it to voicemial even if that setting off...someone needs to fix this its moronic	bug report
Great tool for group communications, notices, info sharing	irrelevant information
This is the worst messenger ever. It cannot even send a single message reliably.	bug report
worked out.	irrelevant information
The app works fine but how do you change the alert sound? It's awful.	feature request
Absolutely terribly slow UI, no response on several buttons incl call, no update of credit on app (although shows on website), how is it possible in this day and age that this is a public version of an app? Is anyone testing anything after they develop on this app??	bug report
There is a bug on vedio call when on vedio call i am come back to conversation chat vedio call pop does not show i dont know why give me some suggestion.	bug report
Phone cannot verify account and calls drop a lot	bug report
Very functional.	irrelevant information
Would be better without the ads inside the messages	feature request
I hate ads	irrelevant information
Easy to use for large communication groups.	irrelevant information
Didnt get the idea how it wss to be used	irrelevant information
Won't let you change your number without paying👎	bug report
This app has top tier features like sending images, creating events, polls, notifications, HOWEVER; there's a major problem with notifications. I use this app to communicate with my band and half the time we never get any notifications for messages. It's super frustrating. We've checked our phone settings and notifications are on for the app. the only way to fix it that I found is to log out and log back in and I'm definitely not doing that every time I use the app	bug report
Last few weeks, I joined a call meeting organsized by my teacher but when I tried to mute my mic, the skype will always freeze	bug report
I've been having problems with this app ever since I had to up grade I have a pic of the game freezing and kicking me out of the tournament I was in and taking my purple jazz playet	bug report
volume maxed and notifications on. Missed important messages from the	bug report
login problem. Each ask for password though i give the correct one. Don't	bug report
The update is really annoying to me. It got rid of all my pins in my dms with my friends.	feature request
You want fix sound problemm	bug report
I like this app but it takes forever to see what others say	bug report
I hate the box that pops up when u r in a call and u leave the app	bug report
It works great for me	irrelevant information
Had been working great on my Huawei tablet til a week ago. Suddenly it says it cannot connect to the internet and won't log in. Tried reinstalling. Tried checking permissions. Doesn't work anymore... What happened?? Update Dec 24: just downloaded the update, same problem. Doesn't recognize the wifi connection, but will work if I tether the tablet to my cell phone, which uses that same wifi...?!	bug report
It's OK but takes a long time to connect	bug report
The porting of my number take weigh to long to U.S Mobile. I speak to us mobile and they say ask to TextNow but TextNow say ask Us mobile. BS	bug report
I used to love Discord. It was an amazing messaging app, easy to use, but ever since the new update, I just hate using it because of the layout. Maybe if there was a way we could switch between the old layout and the new one, that would be amazing and I would raise my rating.	feature request
Messaging is fine.	irrelevant information
Does not show new messages, and it takes forever for message to go through......	bug report
At least bring back the old search back with the new UI. Going to the channel itself to look for the message instead of just being able to type "from: in: during:" all at once lowkey sucks.	feature request
i have a backup file. now i wanted to restore it, but evrytime app crushes when i put it on restore. it doesn't even let me open it for a second. what is this? i thought it won't happen in signal. i guess i was wrong. please fix this, i have important things on backup file.	bug report
Nice using for communication in safr	irrelevant information
IF YOU REASSIGNED MY NUMBER WHAT DO I WANT OR NEED YOU FOR.. I'LL USE YOU COMPETITORS.	irrelevant information
Perhaps the worst messaging app I've ever used. It doesn't give me notifications of any replies unless I have my other messaging app notify me of a specific GroupMe incoming message. When I do receive notifications, they're hours late and not in chronological order. The latest message I received tonight was over 13 hours ago! Their blue emojis are ugly, too.	bug report
Do many bugs even can't open properly	bug report
Signal always works very well. The video call quality is usually superior to telegram. I love how safe and private it is.	irrelevant information
Great for security. But usless for the 99% of your friends that don't use signal. Stopped using it not long after they dropped sms support	feature request
It pretty cool,but they love banding accounts , which is not fair	irrelevant information
Looks/feels like Signal is under new ownership or management. Too many changes in rapid succession to keep up with. Went back to stock Messages several weeks ago. I get need or desire for growth, so no hard feelings, just not for me anymore. Don't do a ton of texting, but it's comforting to know that my conversations with my wife are secure from prying eyes. Like that even texts from non-secured phones are encrypted after they arrive too. Cool app and it's free. What else could you ask for?	irrelevant information
Still figuring it out but seems very interesting and informative.	irrelevant information
toxic	irrelevant information
The new midnight colour scheme is beautiful!	feature request
We use this app for all of our sports groups. Great way to keep everyone informed. The only reason I gave it get 4 stars is because it will delete individuals if they do not respond within the group (ex. make a comment or like a post). I would have given the app 5 stars if it wasn't for that.	feature request
It's helps make sure I can stay in touch,which is needed,don't want to lose contacts	irrelevant information
This app is great on pc 🖥 but not so Good in mobile	feature request
Use it as my main texting app. Sucks that signal will only be able to receive messages from other signal users. Overall great app but that last part earns a low rating.	feature request
I can't make a call to anyone and it's beginning to piss me off	bug report
There's no send button. How do I send something?	feature request
Laggy, bulky, with the same old features	bug report
Make it to were people can send u pictures	feature request
This app Sucks. So many things wrong with it honestly.	bug report
The new UI has done nothing but slow down the discord experience. I shouldn't have to restart my app every single time I want to see my servers or swap to a new channel. This is not a problem with my phone, as it had not occurred before the layout update and it isn't just affecting me.	bug report
It won't let me register my number. It keeps telling me that I've attempted to register the number. It says try again later but it doesn't say how much time later. I've been waiting for a whole day!	bug report
text crashes and sometimes, It takes 10 seconds to for people to hear you after they say hello, so I have toggle back and fourth between speaker and sometimes that helps. phone conversations also drop sometimes after talking for about 1 minute.	bug report
I want to test this app	irrelevant information
I love this very much it contains my health than my family	irrelevant information
Hmm feels like a ripoff of old Google Talk, now Hangouts!	irrelevant information
Only thing is navigating from past call list to dial pad, seem a bit awkward. Also when phone is moved the page has a bit of lag to reorient. Makes it slow to disconnect. That said, very convenient to be able to call over WiFi with my phone with out a cell signal.	feature request
Pros: Great, albeit basic, privacy messaging app Cons: Extremely inflexible. Installing Signal on my phone as a primary device and using my tablet as a linked device is not supported. My tablet has a better screen, better camera, better connectivity and is generally a more pleasant device to use for audio & video chats, so not being able to use it means Signal is virtually redundant nowadays, as I prefer to talk to people.	feature request
Would not work told me i needed to create an account and then said i created too many accounts after it kept on erroring out. I tried to log in and it said no account matched the email. Tried all the steps to troubleshoot and my wifi is working just fine. I better not have my email sold. Wasted an hour of my time on this useless app.	bug report
it just a paying service	irrelevant information
Really good able to talk to our grandchildren over seas	irrelevant information
This is a great app to connect with family and friends across the world	irrelevant information
Great Game yo play	irrelevant information
Good for connecting as a group	irrelevant information
GIVE THE OLD LAYOUT TO MY FRIEND BACK UWAAAAAH!!!! KYAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!	feature request
It auti-logged me out and wouldn't let me back in. dont download it its a waste of space	bug report
Hard to Change app to New number	bug report
Used to scam me by a crypto scammer	irrelevant information
Latest update is actually such garbage, made the whole app unusable...	bug report
I can't sign in to my account. It says I don't own an account because I recently logged out. Let me use the app.	bug report
Call quality not so good,kind of muffled	bug report
Your ad hopping sucks, turn the sell out down. Try to type, the ad pops up and redirects.	irrelevant information
App is horrible and dosent comply to readiness or swift applications. Very	bug report
Worst update ever! New layout is absolute sh**! I am going to use browser version on mobile, for it is better that this new look.	feature request
Work's when u r not around alot of wiring poles	irrelevant information
I love use skype dealing with my client. But can i use back the classic skype on window? The new one is too big in my screen! Help!	feature request
Next to useless. The user interface doesn't make sence. Try to make a phone call with credit and keep showing me the logs. Try different options while select the number that already called with Skype just yesterday but no luck. Asking me to send a SMS instead...	bug report
Please unbanned TextNow in Pakistan	irrelevant information
After entering my login info and selecting 'Are you human' the app still won't let me have access. I'm not a new customer, I've had the app for 2 years but uninstalled the app from one device and tried to install it on another without success	bug report
THIA IA NICE 💫	irrelevant information
I like discord but the new update makes dialogues like profile info and server settings unusable	feature request
Haven't used Skype for sometime but I have a few old contacts on there. Signed in today to find the app updated (which looks very ugly) and all my contacts are gone! Useless to me now and will never go back. My friends are ditching Skype too but I didnt believe it was so messed up until I checked my account today. Bye skype! Uninstalling.	bug report
New Build is Very Glichy. Freezes up a lot and the group icons blink unnecessarily.	bug report
Awesome and Good	irrelevant information
Messages sometimes arrived with big delay. Not reliable for business. But as video call working well.	bug report
Why are all existing messaging conversations in my phone being ported into this app? Because it's an entirely new number, i would like to be able to create conversations w/ only contacts I choose, having all existing msg threads from my phones inbox imported seriously slows down the loading time when I open this app, and if I delete threads from this apps inbox, it deletes them from my phone inbox, which I do not want. Please seperate msg threads between the app and the phone. Thank you.	feature request
What is wrong with registeration why itself change the country code had haedach	bug report
Absolute garbage. Acts like certain privacy permissions are optional, won't work unless you share all your friends personal info. Do not use.	bug report
I loved it but you have 60 minutes of free calling that upsets me yeah I  wish it was unlimited call (if this happend I would rate 5 stars) And Unlimited text Other then that it's Awesome	feature request
just a few tweaks are needed, refresh rate, louder more accurate speaker function and also better non choppy calls made.	feature request
I update the app now not workin need fix	bug report
Everything is perfect but the settings isnt working	bug report
I can't read the draft text make my discord crash please fix it, old version i can open draft text but new version i can't open draft text	bug report
Great for video call, not great for instant messaging	feature request
Was great. The app redesign has made using the mobile app an absolute pain to use. Do not trust these app developers.	feature request
I can't even download the app.. what's going on,. My phone storage has a lot of space so why can't i download this app.. it's really important.!!!	bug report
Invasion of the data snatchers.	irrelevant information
Great helpful app four Wi-Fi. Especially in a secluded area	irrelevant information
This app is good but this user electric_marmalade#0295 has been bullying me constantly and I've reported him but nothing has been done about it	feature request
spammed within 30 seconds of registration... pass on this one!	irrelevant information
It's for work. A younger person suggested it to older folks. Seems useful enough. Thanks.	irrelevant information
I've been invited to a few pages or groups, yet every time it connects to my phone number texting option instead of the app...	bug report
Skype wants money. Be carefull.	irrelevant information
The new UI is garbage! 🦧	feature request
Cannot cut and paste chats. How stupud	bug report
Have to many problems lately. Never getting notifications. Had to uninstall once already. Got it working and now had to uninstall it again and now won't download to my phone.	bug report
10/10 I was talking to my friend join a streamers discord and 10/10 quality amazing	irrelevant information
Awful update ruined everything good about discord. Themes that you pay actual money for don't even work anymore in dms.	feature request
I meet new friends online u should try it out!	irrelevant information
The Application is wonderful but now I have a issue with the call system on my phone, of which I can open a call, and it rings but it doesn't connect but it will connect on my tablet. This started happening after I deleted and reinstalled discord on to my phone. If you guys can pls fix this issue I would appreciate it.	bug report
Was decent on mobile till update, audio is terrible now. Can hardly understand anyone now	bug report
Faultless messaging app. Really smooth transfer between phones as well!	irrelevant information
This is the worst messaging app that I have ever used, and it's full of scammers so it's not safe. Shows you how much Microsoft cares about people, (Microsoft doesn't care at all about protecting you)	irrelevant information
Probably the best app for messaging out there. NO ADS!!!	irrelevant information
A overall safe noneleaked app with cool messaging and admin controlled server's which means your the admin of your server kick whoever and add whoever!	irrelevant information
I sure do like this app for the meanwhile just using it for the purpose it was made for thank you I really appreciate	irrelevant information
My friends say it's a nice app But I've been trying to register but couldn't figure why I it's not allowing me to do so..	bug report
App is nice. But there is a problem that I can't register in it. It doesn't send me registration code I tried so much Kidly check it plz	bug report
It works well for work	irrelevant information
not bussin frfr	irrelevant information
The only problem is that they cannot get InTouch with me from their computer to my phone as it just doesn't work I e, not connect up.	bug report
Application crush problem please fix this	bug report
Spend lil money cheaps. Im trying to send a text.stop blaming my network for ur seervers jammim up ,	irrelevant information
Ive accidentally archied a chat and cant see how to move it back	bug report
Very very subpar messaging App. I rather use discord, Whatsapp, or slack. GroupMe is worse than those 3 in every conceivable way. It has a surprising lack of features.	feature request
Supposed to be free with wifi right? If it is charging why and how much?? It answered the phone call on its own not cool. Txt works	bug report
Paid for a year and had wy fb code sent to it now all my accounts are locked no cool	bug report
Safe and secure for my personal data	irrelevant information
I'm not sure what the last update did other than slow the program down to a crawl now it crashes it won't load won't allow me to text let alone make phone calls somebody needs to fix this they used to be really good  I tried forcing it to stop, now I can't even text! Any other ideas?	bug report
A great app to call my friends on but ever since the new update I hate it. The controls are confusing and it overall looks bad. I would like it to be returned back to normal. Other than that Discord is a good app. 👍	feature request
paid for phone service but have never received my Sim card	bug report
Do not like Signal as I can't reach my important people because they don't want to be on signal or be invited to Signal I will have to go back to the areignal one I was on. It was good at first but I am disappointed 😞 now.	irrelevant information
No more sms support means this app is useless. Im not going to be that guy that forces people to download an app to communicate with me. So long signal. You're just another whatsapp clone now.	bug report
Used to be far better before the update. I don't mind change, but wow, this is worse by every metric. From a simple usability standpoint, they made it more complicated and less visually coherent. Just offer the option to use the old version.	feature request
My account has not been working for over a month and it is imposible to get any assistance. I honestly am perplexed by the lack of support.	bug report
the new update is terrible some important stuff disappeared and it's massively laggy and heavy, go back to the basics	bug report
Sent firat message nownI cant send any. Please fix this problem i am an android user	bug report
this update just now is my everything have loading issues. My profile isnt loading up & my pictures i send arent loading & comes up as errors. Please fix this	bug report
the camera keeps freezing, turning black, and just not working at all and you can't fix it until you hang up and call again which is extremely annoying	bug report
EVERY SINGLE TIME I LOG OUT OF DISCORD AND COME BACK I ONLY SEE ONE CHANNEL AND THATS IT!	bug report
Nothing works like it used to. Rarely am I able to send messages. And rarely do I get notifications. Takes forever to send a message. Very frustrating. I've had a message loading for almost twenty minutes and it still won't send.	bug report
I deleted my first account but all of my old messages are still there.	bug report
App wont let all mesages come threw says u have a new messgae insted of showing the text that was sent	bug report
If you don't have access to your old phone number, forget about getting signed in. And good luck finding someone to talk to that can help.	bug report
I'm very satisfied with text now!! it's nice to see that we can still call & text over Wi-Fi and get very good signal. Sincerely, Barbara.jean	irrelevant information
This app is a joke 😂😂, somethimes it upload pictures and sometimes it doesn't...smh	bug report
Bring back old UI, make it similar to desktop version.	feature request
Sometimes I can and mostly can't send pictures... And calls I can't hear the person on the other line or they can't hear me... But other then how to earn free min without having to buy is awsome I enjoy this app just a little bit of mistakes.(:	bug report
STOP THE LAGNESS, I HATE IT WHEN IT DUPLICATE PEOPLE'S MESSAGES IS ANNOYING. PLEASE FOR GOD SAKE IT'S FUN BUT LIKE, FIX YOUR ISSUES. DON'T COME CRYING WHEN YOU GET A HORRIBLE REVIEW PLEASE. END THIS MADNESS.	bug report
1. No way to delete messages or pictures your accidentally sent.	feature request
This app is a joke avoid	bug report
Used to be great. Now I can't get notifications to work at all!	bug report
sometimes the call quality is really bad. The app doesn't allow you to answer the phone and the sound will just drop out. if it wasn't for all the small technical issues I would just invest in text free plus.	bug report
New ui is terrible. Simpler UI was much better. Edit: Changed from 3* to 1*. The above still applies.	feature request
I cannot receive calls within this app. The phone doesn't ring. I only receive a missed call notification. I contacted 'support' with no response....How frustrating and disappointing!!!!!!!	bug report
The new update really made the app almost unusable. Literally, trying to send images in a server don't work and send to my most recent DM, and the navigating is more annoying then anything because I'm sure everyone is used to the old, better formate. The only good thing from this all is midnight mode, but that's not a saving grace for the update. Not to mention, it's a little slower now, and laggy.	bug report
Having issues seeing new messages. I've installed and uninstalled this app so many times.	bug report
It's great but doesn't hide messages on lock screen and it doesn't support a watch app yet and there's a few that do. Also when you switch devices your conversation don't switch over. IDK if that's a security issue but if not can we get it please 🥺🙏🏽. I'll update this if I think of more or issues is fixed 🤞🏽❤️	feature request
Thanks alot	irrelevant information
Great platform for group conversations with my extraordinaryily large family!	irrelevant information
It works. They've already implemented several money hungry policies, and it's only a matter of time until it gets worse.	irrelevant information
Honestly a terrible app. The coding is a mess, batter usage is insane, app is slower then a handicapped snail, can't get verification texts without paying money and 30% of the phone numbers that call you will not go through. The only reason I am still using is because it is too late for me to go and change my number as I've pushed through the bs too long. Luckily for You, the reader, you aren't stuck in that situation. Get another call and text app, guaranteed it's better.	bug report
Having a hard time with following through with making calls 📞	irrelevant information
PLEASE DON'T REMOVE SMS SUPPORT. After using Signal for almost 4 years as my go to messaging application for both encrypted and unencrypted messages I was dismayed to see that the latest update now comes with a warning that SMS. support is being removed? WHY? I know that it isn't perfect, but why take this feature away from those who were using Signal for all their messages, making it easier to use Signal with those contacts who have it.	feature request
I love the app. I get to connect with my co-workers❤	irrelevant information
Uploading media could be better, for instance video files or audio recordings straight from your phone rather than just links to YouTube. Besides that the service is great and the emoticons are hilarious.	feature request
I hate it it said it was free but it made me pay after 30 days	bug report
Contact blocked by Skype Why is that	bug report
The recent update is L	bug report
i don't think am gonna say good thing about this app again you need to find something to do about this app why do they use to banned number any how they also send code any more they will be asking to pay please for work on this banneding of number and not sending code with out paying not everyone is rich please	bug report
My texts aren't going out and my calls don't come in	bug report
Getting really worst after updating, can not send vdo file, whenever I try to send vdo file, Skype will disappeared. And it is really slow now ...donno why	bug report
Downlaod without any hesitation	irrelevant information
I don't get my messages in a timely manner sometimes, but overall it's a good app	bug report
It's a ok application	irrelevant information
I personally don't think the new update was necessary. I mean, sure, it looks nice, but it comes with way more bugs than the original layout. For example, if I'm on Discord for a while and someone sends an image, it'll be inlarged , so half of it will show, and I'll have to exit out of the app entirely.	bug report
Won't let me revive verification codes	bug report
My account got disabled and I really was looking forward to using this app. I was using a VPN. But to my understanding it was okay to use a VPN. So I don't know why I got banned	bug report
Good apps. Keep me in contact with my friends. Easy to send text. Only problem is you can't delete individual message like Viber easily.	feature request
Main menu disappeared. Settings are not obvious. If you have Bluetooth connection phone speaker doesn't work. User interface should be inproved significantly. I'm very disappointed.	bug report
New mobile update is a downgrade un usability and requires more clicks to access messages and introduced new bugs such as clicking messages not taking you to the message and instead showing you previous messages from that channel / user.	bug report
The app used to work fine, but then they added an update that completely changed how everything looks. Tabs on the bottom to look more like a social media app. Which I'd be on with but now it's extremely laggy. Changing tabs takes so long you wonder if you tapped the right place. So you press it again, and by the time it loads it recognises both presses separately and takes you somewhere else. I don't see why anything needed to be changed. It worked fine.	bug report
App is great but about 75% of the time I open it I cant reply, react and my emote wheels become to enlarged to use. Have to restart to fix it way too often.	bug report
Says "you can not sign up at this time" when trying to set up an account after install without giving a reason as to why. Sus.	bug report
Discord what is going on??? I was middle of texting someone and all the sudden everything went down like it says I'm "connecting" and it still persist after restarting my phone, reset the internet, and closing the application and still says connecting. FIX IT NOW!	bug report
For some reason, Signal imports around 150 of my 2300 contacts... And I cannot seem to text my mom since she's now no longer in my contacts 😢 OH, checked my privacy already and I don't seem to be 'hiding' any contacts. Sounds good on paper.	bug report
Last update broke dark theme. `text like this` appears white on white, unreadable. And notifications are kind of messy. They bundle all at once sometimes, and not as they arrive. (Works well on the computer..)	bug report
Latest updates have made the app extremely slow and clunky.	bug report
Text don't go through have the time calls cut out or echo noise and noone can here me most of the time on first call . This app is only good if u can't afford anything but it sucks have the time don't spend any money on it it's a rip off scam	bug report
This new interface totally sucks. Lots of issues on it. Would be better if reversed to previous version.It was the best.	feature request
No no no to the hell no, this is SO LAGGY and if someone calls you it either wont show up, or it womt let you answer smh🙄. And plus its so laggy, if you click on somthing it wont do it, and instead it WILL CLOSE YOU OUT OF THE APP.. SO I RATE THIS A 1 STAR. NO NO NO TO THE HELL NO	bug report
Bad reception, works really slow	bug report
Poor quality even when my internet is doing well. Video lags, and recently my messages have not even been sending despite having a stable internet connection. What gives? Discord is far better especially now.	bug report
annoyingly keep on telling me to rate it so I did happy now😡	irrelevant information
I hate the new update. The design is great n all. But everytime I load the	bug report
This is the best messaging app and one of the best for privacy. Apparently it's not open source anymore though, so The security aspect is not as reliable anymore.	irrelevant information
Great app for encrypted messaging with a lot of great features that work very well. However it's incredibly lame that support for regular SMS is being dropped, which means I now have to use 2 apps for messaging. I read the blog post and I don't agree with the reasons given for dropping this support. Disappointed and have cancelled my monthly donation in protest.	feature request
It makes me verify my pin a lot. They also keep bugging me to rate this app on a reinstall. - 1 star	bug report
Tried to sign-up, says can't be subscribed on this device.	bug report
New update made app slow and glitchy. Hard to communicate with people or use after update. Running new model android from 2021	bug report
Application doesn't open at all. going in just loop	bug report
The latest update for mobile really really sucks! The 📌 pins on channels are too hard to find and you can not scroll through them and read the information. The first line of each post that is pinned is shown as some sort of caption, not practical at all. And instead of just reading the pins in the "pins" section, you need to tap each pin to see the information! Absolutely the worst update ever! The pins are completely unusable now, as is the 'search' option! Devs are not even listening to us.	bug report
Sucked big time, it is always hanging	bug report
The app is good but the only thing that sucks about it is I never get notifications for messages or calls I have to click the app every 5 minutes to see if someone messaged or called	bug report
Suddenly from today I cannot receive any messages in signal groups on my phone. I can send and ppl see them. But I don't see what they send me in a group. I can send & receive standard 1 on 1 messages. AND ON DESKTOP I -CAN- send & receive in the group! Also, I can't create a new group from my phone nor from desktop. And if others invite me to a new group I don't see it neither on phone nor on desktop. Signal reports no issues. You had ONE JOB signal! First you trash SMS & now you bork msg sync!	bug report
I like discord but most recent update is not great. The data is terrible at refreshing if I come back into the app from somewhere else so chats don't update even if I got the notification there is a new message. I'm having to close the program (swipe it away) and then re open it to get the chats to update. The new layout is fine, I know folks don't like change, but it's not terrible. It's mainly the data caching and refreshing that I'm struggling with.	bug report
The app doesn't send a verification code to my mobile number. When I wait and ask to call me instead, it requests to pass that "prove you're a human" test, and then again. Nothing happens	bug report
I use Skype many lost of times and I am satisfied . Thanks 😊 Skype team.	irrelevant information
Won't let me make calls sends text fine though	bug report
The message alerts are sporadic. I'll get maybe 10 messages in 5 minutes or none for 5 hours then have a 15 messages I've missed. Updates are current and this has been a problem for months.	bug report
When you first upload the app no it's not easy but after you get in it very easy to use	irrelevant information
Amazing 😍 platform for gamers	irrelevant information
App used to be good but now sucks balls. Nothing works and just stays frozen	bug report
i have being using discord for a couple years and it works fine on m pc and my phone but on chromebook its a bit buggy	bug report
. thanks so much for all your help and support	irrelevant information
Always issues with sign-in for me.	bug report
Sender should be able to delete messages from receivers phone.	feature request
Great but can't have it installed on both my phone and tablet, only one or the other	feature request
does what it needs to I suppose, but notifications are broken. had to mute it so it would stop sending me text messages (not groupme notifications, actual textmessages). still occasionally get a groupme notification when I'm tagged, but not every time.	bug report
Was pretty good but dropping SMS was final nail bye bye.	bug report
This sky tablet is cool thank you	irrelevant information
Requires a mobile phone number or it won't let you proceed and requires a password after using Facebook login the point of which is too avoid having tons of passwords for every app, gives the distinct impression of hoovering up unnecessary personal details that could potentially leave you open to fraud, almost seems it is hoping for you to give it your social login password and phone number which is used for 2 factor authentication	feature request
great sound.	irrelevant information
Can't stop receiving text messages. My app notifications are enough for me. Fix this and 5 star	bug report
I hate this app. It slows down the app with all the ads. The ads cover up HALF of the frickin screen!! I CANT get messages unless I call them. It's so annoying, This sucks	bug report
Its a good app, but it have so much bugs	bug report
Best app to hang out frrr	irrelevant information
From random people texting and calling me and leaving me voice mails regarding some of the person I guess you could say it serves its purpose but it is rather annoying to have random people once you get rid of a number it should be someone else's number not continue on someone else but it is what it is	irrelevant information
It is great on pc! But the new mobile ui sucks and uts very confusing to use	feature request
This app used to be good now they got an dam update every week with nothing better to show for it and most of the time i cant even hear my gf on the other side of the call.	bug report
Sugnal messenger is horrible. A non functioning beautiful messenger. There is limit for everything like senting photos. Saving all files to gallery and more... very irritating to use.	bug report
App is unbearably laggy. Wish I could say it's the new ui, but discord lagged before that. The update only made things worse. It now takes 30 secs to load up. Another 30 to switch servers--sometimes just to jump between channels. 80% of the time I have to completely close the app to send or load anything. Don't bother telling me to switch wifi, clear cache/data, uninstall reinstall. I've tried everything, discord. I'VE TRIED. It's not me, it's you. Get your code cleaned up ffs. It's been years!!	bug report
I loved this app but ever since the last update notifications have stopped working. Please fix!!!	bug report
There are many for free this app asking pay at first step should be mentioned at description.	feature request
Good group chat app for school projects. But after an update in the past, it imported hundreds of contacts to the contact list that I have no clue where it's getting them from. I recognize a few as people that I was in a group with in the past, but mkre then half are unrecognizable. I think it imported contacts from other people in 'seven degrees of kevin bacon' fashion, ie if i was in a group with joe before then groupme pulls in all the groupme contacts joe has and shoves them at me as well. This is absurd. But, the most absurd part: it won't let me delete contacts! So, I havee a contact list bloated with hundreds of contacts i don't care about and dont want to see, but groupme wont let me purge them. This is why i knocked off 2 stars. 1 for stupidly importing contacts I DONT WANT AND WITHOUT ASKING ME, and 1 for NOT LETTING ME DELETE THEM. In college / school youre constantly makibg new grouos with new people each semester. But then never see them again. So, over time your contact list is a bloated mess you cant manage. Another group and i got sick of this and just switched to IM group messaging. The folks developing groupme need to stop killing the app with dumb decisions.	bug report
I can hear the other side clearly and they can hear me well that's what matters mostly. Thanks	irrelevant information
It'd be better if I could search servers or hub in Android app like laptop or online site. I wish that Discord development team add this feature cause it's hard for new people like me to find the hub link.	feature request
Much, much better than WhatsApp audio call... and so many other options. I m surprised y I didn't use it before!	irrelevant information
I am having trouble in video calling, I can hear the other side but CAM won't show up. Please tell me exactly what should I do? It's really frustrating. I always make sure i installed updates for new version but the problem still the same.	bug report
Can't make calls with Sim card enabled	bug report
A great way for us to find out about my grandsons football practice and games.	irrelevant information
Not very user-friendly when trying to start a new chat with a new friend	feature request
Can't think of a flaw	irrelevant information
...there's nothing much about it - except for the interface which looks really nice. As all of my friends have WHATSAPP (it can do everything GroupMe does and a lot  more), I'd rather uninstall this one.	irrelevant information
Just trying to leave this group. I don't know what my password is.	bug report
i downloaded and installed it on my phone and it doesny display anywhere. Google play store got to steal my data for nothing	bug report
The ad popups are so strong, obe has to repeatedly redial. Its way too frustration just to make a call	bug report
UPDATE 9/9 Still takes over a month to respond to emails. And still charging for toll free numbers. 844 is toll free, I was charged 10 mins! Update your toll free list now PLEASE! 7/9: They take FOREVER to respond to emails. The longest was 6 months. 4/16: Any voicemails over 30 old are NOT accessible! Major inconvenience. I wish there was a way to see blocked list. I've had this app since it started and it keeps getting better.	feature request
I get to have fun and connect with friends all around the world. A great source to people interested in dungeons and dragons. -edit, 12-6-2023 The new update makes it virtually impossible to access personal chats outside of servers without spending forever to find the person your messaging and then clicking new message to go into the messages. My entire server cannot find how to send a DM to someone.	feature request
The messaging works, calling used to work on the 100 free minutes. When that ran out I bought 400 more and it always says no minutes when I try to make a call. But settings says I have 400 minutes. Sometimes a call it will go through but the other party can't hear me. Had to make a new account and reinstall the app spent another 10$ and it still doesn't work. :(	bug report
It is good app. But many a times it happens that the other side cannot hear my voice so i have to move out of the call and rejoin it. It wastes a lot of time. Even sometimes i and my fellow mates get removed from the call abruptly and the call ends. I request you to please fix this problem. Nevertheless, it gives an oppurtunity to share our screen which is a very useful fearure. I recommend others to install the app . i wish team skype looks into my problem and make updates.	bug report
the new ui is garbage, i cant even change group names anymore id rather use the old discord	feature request
it's great. keeps our family in touch.	irrelevant information
I use group me more than normal texting, lately it has been slow to load all messages/when people like things and i can not send gifs. LG G4	bug report
but how do u get nitro for free?	irrelevant information
Stable, reliable, & intuitive.	irrelevant information
This is kinda the only way me and my friends talk and i meeting people from around the world	irrelevant information
Great communicator, but the new changes are terrible 😒 #Don't_remove_tags!	feature request
I really enjoyed using signal, especially because we get to exchange pictures Pandora video chat unfortunately most all of the girls I've met on tiktok and then transferred over to signal are scammers just trying to get money from a guy....	feature request
The new update is terrible. Sometimes it closes or starts automatically, sometimes it stays in the background and whole lot of other problems. Please fix this.	bug report
its good and i can call friends. but i hate that the verification code is locked by payment.	feature request
This is a great way to efficiently communicate with a large grouo	irrelevant information
calls cut out while yout in them	bug report
Does what it says on the tin.	irrelevant information
Just downloaded the app and it will not let me verify with the pin it sends. I've tried multiple times and nothing happens except how it says pin is invalid. Am I doing something wrong?	bug report
Doesn't notify half of the time	bug report
It's a little hard to us but works wl I mat have to set up my other app I use to over look the app at times.	irrelevant information
This is the worst app ever when I was on the phone with my friend it hung	bug report
Nice, easy to use messaging app	irrelevant information
Worked well for the couple of years I've had it for... But now my app won't open. It crashes every time i select the icon. I'm not sure if it's because of an update or anything... But it is rather annoying.	bug report
Used to be 5-stars for me, but the removal of SMS and MMS messaging is a major step backwards. I am still very lightly using Signal, but many folks aren't interested in changing messaging apps to be able to join me.	feature request
Drops calls almost everytime I use it	bug report
Side scrolling through images on android does not work	bug report
Dear Skype Team. Before 2 months Skype so so soo good working. Voice and video call so nice working. But now during the video call if i will lock my mobile then suddenly video off. When i unlock mobile then again open video. And now also audio call so badly. Many times i seen during audio call is poor connection..... Now i thought delete the Skype and move up another app.	bug report
Not only can I not access my contact list when I'm talking on the phone during a phone call the person on the other end could only hear me about 1/4 of the time it's like it just kept dropping out and according to the app I had an excellent internet connection so I don't know what they're going on but I'm starting to regret paying the $9.99	bug report
When placing or receiving a phone call either the receiver or callers voice cuts in and out or can't be heard.This happens pretty frequently about 85% of the time.	bug report
Its good but sometimes some things happen like it cuts the call by itself or a glitch.	bug report
Good but ..how to know who is removing us from our meeting.... their removing and unmute in the meeting...how to know who is doing that....?	feature request
They are quick get rid of "inactive" numbers and give your number to someone else. Yes it was less than 30 days. It was a week and a half.	irrelevant information
I get most of my info from my high school class with this app, get app	irrelevant information
I just got it today and I already don't like it. . . Makes my fone lag . .you have a very great idea going on just fix it	bug report
The app was great, but the newest update is horrid. Its a pain to navigate through servers, check what friends are doing, see who is online in a server. I wish I could go back to the old version.	feature request
This is not friendly for web	bug report
this app is so horrible you have to pay to call people and you have to pay to lock in your number please NEVER use this app i wish I could rate it 0 but I can't so I rate it a 1	bug report
The app is okay but something needs to be fixed, I sent a video for someone and the video was just saying another thing from what I said when it got to the person.. that's an error so I'm giving this app a 70%	bug report
The notifications have some lag and don't even notify at times. I hope this issue will be resolved.	bug report
use to contact co-workers	irrelevant information
It's great for our club, getting info out to my members	irrelevant information
It's great all but the problem is they need to add back the number thing so we can make sure that we had them easier than having usernames cause it sucks that we have to use usernames now to friend people and i hate the update alot. I wish we can have the old way to friend people on discord.	feature request
I use it to talk to friends and i love it	irrelevant information
Great for sending encrypted, has passcode security and you can change the app icon to something else so no one can go through the messages meant only for the receiver	feature request
Only works sometimes...and when it does it drops calls..sometimes im not able to make calls at all...soon as you open the app it says "sorry something didn't go through. Try checking network connection" im using internet to write this review...so my internet works with everything but this app.? When you click on the link they provide to get help they send you to an empty page...how is that help??????	bug report
I am still learning, but so far am appreciating the connection with my team and the benefits of all of us being included in the conversation.	irrelevant information
Great app, but dropping SMS support soon.	feature request
Awsome app but when I get sent videos it's all pixel and u can barely see anything. The audio is also messed up. Can u fit it? I'll change my rating	bug report
Soo cool app	irrelevant information
People can't see my emojis, they show up as " * ", they're pretty crucial to a conversation. If they could see my emojis then I'd give this a 5 star rating.	bug report
I love it I prank my mom she like who's is this	irrelevant information
The app is hanging so frequently. It has became frustrated to use it.	bug report
It's a good app just only problem I have is doesn't work in uae where I live even on my playstation	bug report
This is one of the worst messaging apps I've ever used. I've used it for years and it either is just barely functional or completely broken. I wish my friends weren't so stubborn and would use ANYTHING ELSE.	bug report
i like bthat i dont have to bye a phone number	irrelevant information
Link doesn't work when invited	bug report
Eveevery time I send or receive a picture it tells me to go to an email address please fix for more stars	bug report
Super slow app opening on MTK 8100 processor. App lags too much, isn't smooth at all. Very bad experience. Even worse than previous versions	bug report
Since last update I keep having to clear the cache to see photos uploaded to the group chat. Very irritating since my work group shares anywhere from 5 to 10 photos/screenshots during the 8 hour workday.	bug report
I love it but why does it give too much space? 4.2 GB, Really?	feature request
Sometimes the app glitches out when ever I go out of it the text get compressed and the icons glitch out and sometimes the emojis from other servers don't apper and you can't use the emojis	bug report
I can't call out it keeps saying rejected	bug report
It a very good resource	irrelevant information
I enjoyed discord before up until the recent update. Please add the option to remove the reply slider as this is annoying when I want to see who is online without replying to something and not press the "See members" button. Ui is cool and all, people might enjoy it but adding an option to disable the reply slider is ok to me	feature request
Ever since the new update I can barely navigate the app on my phone and it won't let me load in pictures, saying 'message failed to load' Please fix this, that would be appreciated.	bug report
The new update looks good but is buggier than all hell.	bug report
Won't make calls, drops calls straight up suck's	bug report
It disturbs so much in PC. But works good in Phones. So it can't replace Zoom.	irrelevant information
can't delete messages already seen and received a response	feature request
This is a great app, when it works. Giving it 3 stars cause when it works it is amazing. However 1 day my app closed out and I have not been able to log in again. Every time I try it logs in, take me to the sing up page and shows me a call log (not even sure its mine anymore it asked me to get a new number and since has sent me an email saying the number expired). I have had this app (and that number) for over a year, and it has been great. I have tried emailing textnow....	bug report
Awesome! Still waiting for a sim card, but I love the concept and price so much!	irrelevant information
This last update has totally ruined the phone version. Did anyone qa test it? I don't like the separation of server and dm. It takes FOREVER for it to switch and load	feature request
Its not free false advertisment dont fall for it. Yoyr page say free number not true jusr 1 time people woukd tell the truth not one of theae free text apps with free phone number r free hate the decption we just unstall as fast as i put it on will geta 2nd phone libe from my provider cheeper then you charge per month for what you advertise as a free number ans free texting. I didnt ask fora subscription of anything when I used what was to be a free number itwould not allow me to get my message	bug report
I would say I love this app 10/10, except the mobile version doesn't really work. The constant 'connecting' could be my phone but the fact that I don't get notifications, nor does my friend, when messages go through is a huge problem. I have all of my notification settings checked but it still doesn't chime and sometimes the message doesn't even show in app despite there being no connection issues, and I only know this happens because it shows on the desktop ver (which has none of these issues)	bug report
Love the new UI I don't know about others. I feel like this ui looks better	feature request
You should add "a time" in display of contact's countries. It was available in old versions.	feature request
Yk... Outside of the occasional dropped call it works pretty well. Receptions clear majority of the time.	bug report
Good for keeping parents involved for small kid teams	irrelevant information
Please revert the newest update. It changes the whole lay out of the app and makes it very annoying to navigate. Other then that I have no problems with the app	feature request
I cant receive any calls or messages from anybody fully mindsucks...	bug report
Mostly a good app it had a few dropped calls and you might call it wrings two tomes and hanges up but mostly good	bug report
It cannot run fast	bug report
My friend love this so much , I'm not an expert but it is good to send pictures when other games can't.	irrelevant information
before this new ui update, everything was great. it was like discord but on your phone. now it feels like phone discord. dms are no longer above servers and within the friend tab, no more member list on the side, no one even uses threads so why are they even next to the text bar, and the settings are even worse and harder to get to now. theres honestly only 2 good things and thats the midnight theme and the quick reply	feature request
Before the update on 01/23/2018, I used this app every day. Now it freezes up every time It's opened and is next to useless.	bug report
responding very slow.	bug report
There are moments where I am unable to see conversations. It just shows that it's rebooting.	bug report
I love any app that allows me access to making call & texting for free!!!	irrelevant information
Removing sms support is a terrible decision	feature request
Freezes/crashes frequently. Option to view when messages have been read by other parties only available sometimes. Messages frequently do not send.	bug report
2.5 rating. depending on device i use. not bad, not the best either. but cant complain, even though the comment contridicts itself altogether, but so does the app.	irrelevant information
Im not sure if its just me but every time i call my friend for someone reason she cant hear my voice on call. I delete it and get it bck and still it doesnt work, im not sure if its my device or the app. Another complaint is that when sometimes i wanna click on someone else the chat stays the same, so i have to get out the app and go back into it. Overall besides that, its a good app :).Edit: it hasn't made a difference using mobile data or my Internet	bug report
Turning into trash. I have been using this app for years but now it limits my account for no reason saying I violated terms and conditions when in actuality I haven't done anything different. It's a headache and starting to make this app worthless. I'm starting to rethink using this app if it stays like this.	bug report
good and I pray they shouldn't log me out	irrelevant information
Come back to bed kitten	irrelevant information
I love it. So that I can tell my husband how I feel.	irrelevant information
It's awesome !!	irrelevant information
Its pretty good but it is very very slow, and I can only do 2-5 min calls before I cut off, I'll rate it higher when its fixed	bug report
It's very dumb how if you have a freind and you block them you can freind them again and it's also kinda stupid how you have to share a server with the recipient	feature request
Group join links don't seem to work on Android. Just send me back to the app store.	bug report
Doesn't offer any help. Sends code after timeout. Much more.	bug report
The app just logged me out and now instead of just using my phone number, it asks for my email (which I never had to use before). It does not let me log in with my usual account, and I refuse to create a new account and lose all my old contacts. Was a five star app. Was.	bug report
It's had so many problems for so many years.	bug report
New layout killed the mobile app.	feature request
Excellent app..Just an issue when my outlook email was hacked, it unfortunately also affected Skype! Sadly now no longer available for my older cell! Stupid restriction.	feature request
Good app. Clear voice calls , almost always better than regular calls. Doesn't belong to fb.....	irrelevant information
Really? Now you're showing ads as text messages that cant be deleted without subscribing for $10 a month? 1 star	feature request
literally the only one that doesn't sell your data	irrelevant information
Only got it working at the time kept dropping calls and I was unable to text anybody I use a Samsung Galaxy 7 6.01 software	bug report
Don't send any warning and delete your number unless you pay $6.99.	irrelevant information
Its a good app to have group chat but for some reason I can't upload pictures	bug report
The lockdown survivor... Great app	irrelevant information
Usage has deprecated since the removal of SMS. It is no longer an actively used app, or on the home screen as i only have a few contacts. At least they gave the option to disable Stories which i did promptly. Now few reasons to donate.	irrelevant information
I would really like it if we could send videos and have more emoticons. The i Phone app has a University of Alabama emoticon pack and I would love an LSU one!	feature request
Eliminate Skype and migrate to Microsoft Teams Personal	irrelevant information
A little wonky, but serviceable app.	irrelevant information
It kinda lags but its good	bug report
Good one... 😋	irrelevant information
Do not use it now	irrelevant information
very good but i dunno why but my phone gets quite hot when i use discord and i saw there's a lot of people face heating problem too	bug report
I think the app need an update cuz it keeps saying no signal. You know what I mean if it says no signal. Ya, it's straight I guess it was my Internet connection. Thank you.	bug report
The new update is so slow and it's hard to use sometimes, I liked the old look this one is a bit weird, the old was was easier and faster to use this one just confuses me..	bug report
Initially I gave this App 3-stars. Today, I am taking back two of the stars because I purchased additional minutes a few weeks ago and HAVE NO MINUTES TODAY ALTHOUGH USED I USED IT SPARINGLY IN THE LAST COUPLE WEEKS. I've only given this app 3-Stars right now because I am still trying to figure out the requirements. Don't know if it's for TEMPORARY or if I can use it INDEFINITELY as a reliable line. ...	bug report
Decent. Works well enough for a free app. Unfortunately, there are advertisements on every single page you open & its slow.	bug report
app Skype voice call messages video chat	bug report
I subscribed to lock my number to use it overseas, and what I got is that calls do not connect, and I can't receive sms messages from my bank for otp and people can't reach me as it does not ring when somone calls and gives me a missed call message later. Canceled my subscription it is useless.	bug report
Its ok, but TEXT NOW has u beat, its by far the best text app. Free/unlimited calls to the US/Canada without having to watch videos to get minutes!!! Ya better catch up Text Free!	irrelevant information
Skype experience is getting worse . I tried to reinstall it but literly its Awful	bug report
I meant 5 stars!!!	irrelevant information
Microsoft should stick to the office & OS that they do brilliantly. Skype full bloated, slow, sluggish.. what's originally a platform for making calls now it's become a social media chat & promos. . Poor performance on Android. I have not used it on desktop for some time... I will try again, for now , uninstall from Android Motorola	bug report
THIS APP SUCKS AND IM A KID AND I CANT DO ANY OF THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	irrelevant information
I like the app and would continue to use it but it won't let Get a new number saying something went wrong	bug report
Call quality is very good 👍	irrelevant information
What happened to the SMS? Deleting this	bug report
new mobile UI is garbage so i deleted the app and downloaded an old version; also cancelled my nitro subscription	feature request
it's not as bad as it was post-new ui update but now it's horrifically laggy- especially when sending images. it gets very frustrating.	bug report
Skype does no longer works on my Android phone. What a shame!	bug report
Delayed message delivery. Sent a msg on Skype mobile, it ended up getting delivered the next day despite app showing that the message has been delivered.	bug report
Whenever I use speaker mode using my phone, they cannot hear me. I've already tried to change the settings, but it's still not working.	bug report
Just it's buggy and constantly it has been taking too log me back in and just it's results are unsatisfactory and not of anywhere the expectations	bug report
Love love love this. So far, no complications.	irrelevant information
I love this app definitely worth the download, I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in a secondary number whether it be for work or as an alternative number if you have a prepaid phone number and can not afford a phone card. Works great a little to many adds,that is the only reason I can't score it a 5 star	irrelevant information
Got it specifically to use while out of USA because my techie brother told me to, so me and my traveling companions could communicate with each other as well as the kids back home. Worked great. But I'm technically incompetent so I can't even explain why we needed it. But regular phone calls and texting didn't work, but this app allowed us to make phone calls and send messages.	irrelevant information
I love it, but it goes SOOO SLOW!!!!	bug report
Its a really good and fun app ngl , but just a simple request. Can there be more support on websites on mobiles , cuz i got my discord on google chrome on my phone but i cant join calls, add ppl 2 a group etc thx :)	feature request
It's a very good app for talking voice call video call and alot ot like these stuffs and i should say that i never saw like this app before its fantastic	irrelevant information
Texting is great but never can call or answer phone calls. Callers always say they can't hear me	bug report
just not to use it.	irrelevant information
Really loved the app but it needs bit of improvement like nudge from.hike app plus dual account in single app	feature request
works great for work group chat, only if recieving a DM, you don't get a notification unless you open it	feature request
I dont want to be redirected to the app when I am at the web page. The app will not work no matter how many times I uninstall. Even switched phones. Why is there no way to add a group within the app? I get directed to it from text link, and it doesn't do squat. Try to do webpage. It directs me to download app with no option to do it online besides the app.	feature request
Proficient, private and has very clear media. It really does give peace of mind knowing that my data won't be sold.	irrelevant information
Yes like to text when I'm home.	irrelevant information
It's good for joining community and creating groups to talk	irrelevant information
I cannot see which my contacts are currently online.  The app got lots of features but of liitle use to me. The important features are missing. Keep it simple stupid.	feature request
Been using discord for years and the recent update made navigation a complete nightmare, the swipe left to replay is so annoying when all I want to do it swipe left to see who is currently online in the server, I use this way more then replying to people, generally I'll just tag someone rather than replying. Also removing the private chat from the top of the server list to a new tab at the bottom of the page is also very annoying and I've missed so many private messages because of this change.	feature request
I can't sign in through Google. It won't sync or something.	bug report
I use it for work related group messaging. The three stars is because although there are some good features to the app.. I feel like it's been the same for 5 years. It needs an update with new features. Also, I feel like.. if you want to delete a chat you should be allowed to even if you're not the creator of the chat.	feature request
I love the app, it's way better than a regular group chat. but for some reason all my conversations are blank now, like I've never talked to anyone.	bug report
Please fix the notifictions. I dont know when i get messages.	bug report
Works for our organizational purposes. Though I am not yet familiar with all of its ins and outs.	irrelevant information
Easy to use love the calls	irrelevant information
Was good until I had no control on my own account and links and invites got sent to every server and person I was in and friends with. So overall terrible 😒 (old review.) I'm back and I haven't been getting any problems with my current account yet so yeah, everything is smooth besides some small things but yeah, I think everything is going well for me right now 👍	feature request
Here is something wrong with my App, i cannot make calls! What's the issue!?	bug report
Today, 4/24/23, I was forced to update signal since it is "expired." I heard about signal removing SMS support so I quit updating it in Feb. I was able to use signal fully yesterday, SMS and all, today I must update or uninstall. Why has this company become so aggressive with this rollback in functionality? Leave us alone if we want to run an old version that will work with SMS so that we don't have to use 2 apps. 1/5 stars, would not recommend.	bug report
this app was fine but it immediately went down in value for me when i realized verification codes were behind a paywall. confidently signing up for a website so i can make money in the first place! but i can't even verify. this app is as good as useless for me now. im uninstalling the moment i get a mobile device, because i seriously needed to sign up for this job. 💀 NVM.	feature request
Edit: Up to two stars because the message now appears consistently when I hit send, even though it doesn't disappear from the text entry box consistently yet. The new UI is so buggy. I keep having to close and restart the app due to the buttons not responding, or in the case of the send message button, posting the message without showing me it has posted. There was nothing wrong with the old one, I don't understand why this change was considered necessary.	bug report
The layout should NOT make me take 20 seconds to load where I am going, I wouldn't mind the new version if it was at least usable but it's not. It's really disappointing to see how they ruin their app with unnecessary features	feature request
It works like a charm but recently it stopped, so now i can only use this in my browser. pls fix this	bug report
it brought us together but way too many glitches	bug report
Sooo much ads!! Ads when you start the app, adds when you press any key, ads when you go into any menu, ads when you finish your text or end a call. It's endless.	bug report
So slow, horrible. Unusable.	bug report
Notifications and app is slow	bug report
New update broke everything. Ok. So I had already done those steps before leaving the review. But based on other reviews it seems relevant to mention I'm using a fold phone since this update doesn't seem to like those.	bug report
Can't login to my old account what a shame	bug report
The app allows screenshots. At least snap chat alerts you. 🙄	irrelevant information
I recently updated the app and the new user interface is trash. The design feels cluttered and counterintuitive, making navigation a frustrating experience. Moreover, the verification system seems to be malfunctioning. despite having a stable Wi-Fi connection, I couldn't use the verification code sent to my number. This has ruined my time on this app.	bug report
To glitchy	bug report
Would be a 5 if discord would address the issue with using Bluetooth headphones while using the mobile app. I use disc every day on my PC and it's amazing. However, when I join voice chat on the mobile app, the audio only comes through the phone (headset mode) or loudspeaker. Audio won't play from earbuds. I've googled everything and this problem goes back almost 2 years now without discord providing a fix. The company appears to not care about mobile discord users at all.	bug report
It was okay most times	irrelevant information
Was a great messaging app but the sms messaging is going away so I have no use for this app at all	feature request
I've used Discord since 2017, and for the vast majority of it's life I have been quite satisfied with this service. The past couple years however, it has taken to adding various features and changes which serve only to make it more like other apps. For awhile this has just been minorly annoying tech homogeny, but with the most recent UI change things have been needlessly shifted around, video and image sharing in mobile was broken, as well as various other issues. Would not recommend right now.	bug report
i don't know if this is happening for anyone else, but whenever i try to connect to a voice call it just says "connecting" despite my connection being perfectly fine. no matter how many times i restart the app, nothing works. this can be incredibly frustrating when i'm trying to call with my friends but the app won't connect me. i've not been able to join a call on my phone for a while now because of this issue.	bug report
it's all good. i like the changes you guys have made and the designs for the logo. the function of the swipe left on a message is extremely helpful, especially on quick time arguments. very customizable and very convenient. i only disagree on the whole NITRO nonsense. i feel as it is too irrelevant to pay for a banner. nonetheless, very good.	feature request
Finding out about this app was amazing, but ever since I got the update, I haven't been able to use the in-app camera. Meaning I can't send photos with the camera in discord without using my actual camera and it sucks, cause then I can't send the photo in a moving car Update: can we add a quick switch of discord accounts like in the PC version? I think it'll be an amazing add!	feature request
Discord is very good app. But the app is sometimes not work well. sometime it stuck when tap on DMs. I wish you fix that problem 😕	bug report
this stupid new updated sucks!! i prefer the old version it reay took so long to send message! better uninstalled it!! fixed that issue please!!	bug report
Perfect Privacy 🔏 Tooo Good	irrelevant information
Good app. Needs functions to go live	feature request
The app always automatically changed to online even though I have explicitly set it to inactive.	bug report
Hardto get this download	irrelevant information
It is not letting me get into the app and register because it keeps making me confirm that I am not a robot and when I do the same thing pops up	bug report
I still love this app, but my goodness is the voice channels and streaming so buggy lately. Also recently there's been some weird formatting bugs as well where I have to close the app to get things back to normal.	bug report
It would be 5 stars but for some reason i cant join certain servers.	bug report
New mobile layout is TERRIBLE! Ever since the last update, I've missed multiple messages and notifications because everything is buried in a generic layout that's slow and frustrating to navigate! I'm uninstalling this from all of my mobile devices until they add an option to use the old layout. It looks like a worse version of the Facebook Messenger. So much for being an original and functioning app. I'll be looking for an alternative and canceling Nitro immediately.	feature request
The best to keep in touch with loved ones. Dont know what I would do with out it. Thanks skyp, and for being free as well.	irrelevant information
Lock goodm app Jamaica into my information	irrelevant information
THANK YOUUU SKYPE FOR YOUR SUPPORT .... Great support when all internet connections are banned in Iran...Mamnooooon Manooon	irrelevant information
Please revert some of the recent changes, they have made the app so difficult to use on mobile. The channel sorting feature was just fine and very easy to use how it was, now its a borderline unusable feature. Also the thing where you get disconnected after being alone in a dm call for only 3 mins? What is the point? It says to save bandwidth but like ??? Make it so you don't constantly get disconnected trying to use other apps at the goddamn least man.	feature request
Trying to share the group me so I can add someone..but it's not working at all	bug report
Very Very good better than snapchat	irrelevant information
Trash app can't send pics quickly	bug report
been having lots of difficulties with messages not sending, either on data or WiFi	bug report
Secure, simple. Ethical. I'm going to start giving them money. Freedom has to be maintained. It is created, not given.	irrelevant information
A very nice group communication platform. Thank you!	irrelevant information
It got annoying after 2 days of people sending me messages	irrelevant information
Can't verify code sent. Every time ienter the code keeps saying it's wrong when it's not	bug report
i got an computer so it works really well for me	irrelevant information
it is good but you run out of minutes to fast a good thing for them to let you know is that you can go into your settings on the app then at the very top Osage earn minutes by watching videos and that is a great way to get some back but since they're called text free you think that they're texting and calling would be free because Text Plus call free yeah but other than that it's all good.	irrelevant information
Yikes on this new update. Terrible set up that can't even remember where I am in a conversation (here's a hint discord, it's the f-ing bottom)	feature request
I used Discord for the first time the other day and it works fine so far	irrelevant information
Great for calls in Canada and U.S.also for texting there also.	irrelevant information
I use discord from my Xbox series X every time this discord Channel changes vc I get disconnected and cannot connect	bug report
So far the free text (wifi) works very well. I would give it a 4.5 just for unlimited free text.	irrelevant information
Its broken and needs to be fixed	bug report
Its a good app but when i try to play roblox and other games with my cousin my phone shuts off also some times my cousin will text me but i wont get the message or call	bug report
Really great messenger app, unfortunately it just keeps getting worse every update	feature request
Isn't loading..says I have no network connection n clearly I have 4g and all bars...plz fix	bug report
New to this but so far like☺️	irrelevant information
This app is very useful for communicating out of the country.	irrelevant information
I rolled back to a previous version because they're being stubborn with the new UI. They're some nuggets of good to it but overall it's bad, it's clunky and it should be opt-in to refine and test it instead of pushed onto everyone	feature request
Unable to delete posts. People make mistakes. This caused a problem when someting posted in error couldn't be deleted.	bug report
I dont know whats new with the app but theres no option to remember my	bug report
JUST WHY , WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD YOU CHANGE A COMPLETELY PERFECT UI WITH THE MOST HORRENDOUS ONE POSSIBLE	feature request
Disabled my account in 1 day. I didn't even get to use the app before my account was disabled for violating the terms of use??...BUT I NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO EVEN USE THE APP. This is bogus	bug report
This is amazing. I'm 17 and my parents won't let me have a phone, so I spent months trying to figure out how to get a number on my burner phone. I've downloaded DOZENS of other free phone number apps, but they were all fake, so I was not expecting anything when I got TextNow. Boy was I wrong. I can text all my friends without having to pay and without having ads intetrrupt my every move. There are ads, but they are so subtle that I have never even noticed ONE. THANK YOU TEXTNOW!!!	irrelevant information
It took some unexpected effort to get added to one group I had been invited to join. I am still experiencing some of the same issues with another group.	bug report
I love discord but my mobile app is constantly having major issues. Support has not been very helpful	bug report
Love this app but every time I get a new phone its the hardest thing in the world to recover my account. What's the deal?	feature request
Unable to verify pin, only number pad shows up, I need alphabet and numbers	bug report
I haven't been disappointed. Now a day that says something	irrelevant information
Other caller sees you putting them on mute...why is that?? Can that feature be turned off??	feature request
It's not bad. It's also not great but... DISCORD IS BETTER	irrelevant information
I can't hear YouTube when I call on it and I don't know what to do anymore. 😾	bug report
Calls stop transmitting audio after about 2 minutes. Every single time. I can still hear the other person but they can't hear me	bug report
Non-intuitive contact list. Why when I search a contact tons of random weird people appear that are not on my contact list? Also I feel sometimes lost when I try to navigate between telephone-numer contacts and skype-contacts. Can those two be automatically merged inside skype so I can easly choose if I want to call number or skype call?	feature request
Unable to upload and send any images.	bug report
can't see my GPS navigation instructions and be on a call without some	bug report
Ok so i sighned up, and it did not let me in. What i mean, is that the loadingn screen after you put in all of your info, it gives you 15mins. The loading wasntaking a while, so i got up to get a snack. I came back 15 mins later to find out that it did not redesture. So i give this app 0 stars (i wanted to put 0 stars, but i ciuld not). Sorry, but not at the same time.	bug report
Great app, enjoying use via college course and work communication groups	irrelevant information
My paid account was permanently disablet while I traveled abroad. Support rep told me that my account was in violation of Terms of Use. I also was told that it was most likely because I am currently in Turkey and app is not supported here. Terms and conditions say that App is not available for EU and EEU residents and must not be used by them. It is solely for USA and Canada. I am US citizen who is on vacation abroad and that's right, they permanently disabled my account. My premium # is gone.	bug report
When words do not get through it is normally a fault based on the inclement weather or signals processes, or both. Most of the time the program works quite exactly!	irrelevant information
I have many friends that use this app and I very much appreciate the security ND ease of use.	irrelevant information
I love this app it's so much better than duo it is so much better	irrelevant information
Need to fix Bluetooth and crashes	bug report
you have to get premium to get codes or something like that	irrelevant information
Messages aren't sending. I have to force stop the app and then resend the message for it to work. Sometimes it sends the same message four or five times. Video calls are not working.	bug report
Worst company either. You steal from.poor people. I need my money back or you provide for the services I purchased Thank you	irrelevant information
You to pay to get Vera cations	irrelevant information
Not staying updated in the group messages. I have checked for updates, removed the app and installed the app again. Something with groupme has changed in the last few months and it just has regular issues with loading now. Please look into it.	bug report
Would give it 0 stars if I could. The new UI is awful. Avoid this app at all costs.	feature request
Need to pay 30$ a month to receive verification codes.	irrelevant information
This app just locked you out for no reason, customer service is terrible, you lose all contact with the people you have talked to, they don't care, unreliable, don't use, on top they keep charging even if you are not using the app	bug report
love this, but would like it to replace my phone app. Is that doable ?	feature request
I've use this app for years but the other day all my groups disappeared. I uninstalled the app and redownloaded it and it was working okay but all my groups disappeared again today.	bug report
i once gave this app 5 stars !!!!! Now it is just useless. It wont remember me so I am losing important calls. I don't know why or what u did but it sucks noiw.	bug report
Today 4x crashed, should i send log? On Pixel 8 pro , MTE enable.	bug report
Whether im calling or they calling me, we can bearly hear eachother! Ugh!!	bug report
Been 20 minutes after installation I can't find where to find/explore servers	bug report
good but refusing to update	irrelevant information
MR BEAST	irrelevant information
I'm problems with signing in to my account i don't know what to do	bug report
I usually dont leave reviews, but I've been using Discord since 2017 and have supported it by even buying nitro. The new mobile layout either needs to significantly improve or they need to go back to the old one.	feature request
Glitchy. Notifications for calls not working even though set to notify.	bug report
The app is getting worse and worse on Android devices. Most of the times it gives "Connecting" message when opening up app and video uploading is so slow, it takes 30s to upload a 2MB video when on PC it takes a single second. I've tried different networks.	bug report
This app is a scam be careful	irrelevant information
it doesn't even work that good everytime someone calls me it won't let me pick up it takes like 10-20 tries till it let's me pick up the phone	bug report
I will never forgive discord, they decided to force a new layout on us users and it is AWFUL. Way less intuitive and takes up more time to navigate. If you've never used discord before and were thinking about installing it, DON'T.	feature request
but im with my baby at home	irrelevant information
Horrible!!! I havevan android and just can not get GroupMe to work. Keeps me out of the Loop 100%. If you're the boss don't choose group me. Super SUPER frustrated -- no tech support	bug report
There are times when i don't get important messages timely. I use skype for professional work communication so do you have any idea how downright embarrasing this is? Please, for the love of God, fix this.	bug report
Great! Makes me stay in touch with my 👪.	irrelevant information
It's free all thi gs are better when it's free.!!!!.	irrelevant information
It's slow and my messages won't go through	bug report
Stops running in the background so I never see message notifications unless I open the app manually. Defeats the purpose of enabling notifications.	bug report
There is one problem we can't send long vedios	bug report
This is a super easy way for employers to keep employees up to date on things. And a super easy way for coaches to keep their players updated on games etc.	irrelevant information
It's creating too much of problem	bug report
Phone home	irrelevant information
I have multiple time purchased minutes from this app. Had the payment go through but neither time received any minutes. Is there someone that can help?	bug report
Confirmation codes don't work	bug report
Easy to navigate and use and most importantly ,secure. No problems thus far...	irrelevant information
All it takes in a group of 400 is one of them to remove everyone in the group. There's no option to prevent everyone but the creator to remove people and I see absolutely no reason why	feature request
Great for texting but free calls don't work good other party can hear me but can't hear them	bug report
Ipl place 5 stars but i am facing some problems in my skype like singin problem, call end by self, voice issue and search take so much time. Please fix these problems as soon.	bug report
Does not work often!And too many adds!!	bug report
Audio sucks, and I have trouble on my end to where the person on the other end can barely hear me.	bug report
The experience with Skype has been the best so far. It's my go to messaging place now. however I can't seem to download images. Please fix this. I can download through different Devices just not the one I'm currently using	feature request
I'll assume this app loves to end my calls at random, not send my messages, and even delete my chats at time. I've had to delete 3 times because it stopped letting me send messages.	bug report
New up date is terrible. I used it on a friend's phone and hated it to the point I turned auto update for Discord off. Discord needs to stop trying to do what other apps do and just stay consistent.	feature request
Very poor quality. Frequent sudden interruptions in receiving messages, without any notification about the problem to either sender or recipient. Such events just fills you with fruatration and nothing else. Slow. To avoid this app.	bug report
The founders ❤️🙏❤️	irrelevant information
This is my favorite messaging app but I am SO disappointed they're quitting sms support. Not everyone I know uses signal so I can't make it my default messaging app anymore. Hope you guys pick up sms again in the future :/	feature request
so private messaging especially when you are texting your family and friends	feature request
Like it so far its been really good	irrelevant information
This app is great on wifi but I ordered the sim card and it won't work. I'm so frustrated.	bug report
Great app! I get texts on it faster than my regular messenger.	irrelevant information
Buggy since new update	bug report
Better voice functions in a lot of the free apps. But just not worth the money in my opinion.	irrelevant information
I used skype for the first time today to make a video call and had a good experience overall. I would give it 5 stars if it were a little more user friendly with the video and audio test controls. I may just be stupid, but I couldn't get my bluetooth to work with it either. So 4 stars.	feature request
New layout sucks. Thats it.	feature request
Lots of dropped calls,crackly audio but sometimes it is good but not very often....	bug report
Horrible u can't do anything don't work correctly	bug report
This app is wonderful ! Makes it so easy to stay in touch with our son.	irrelevant information
App is great but more often than not I don't receive notifications for messages coming in.	bug report
I can talk to my family	irrelevant information
Really enjoy being able to keep in touch with my church group and being able to encourage and support eachother. Especially thru these crisis	irrelevant information
Amazing people only complain because their wifi is bad lol	irrelevant information
i've emailed technical support	irrelevant information
good for texting	irrelevant information
It's nice and clear!	irrelevant information
Works when nothing else works this phone app does	bug report
It cool but takes mins even tho u don't talk on the phone..	bug report
Love the privacy offered!	irrelevant information
i have this app and it is so unreliable that i hope that it never happens that some day im needing this in an emergancy! cuz it probably will let you down, even with a very strong reliable internet connection. the only good thing about it is its free. but you will pay with your frustration! Good luck to all who download this app, and for those who created this abomination ... SHAME ON YOU!!!!!! FIX IT!!!!!	bug report
Notifications do not work on android 13+ for a better part of a year (4 different phones) And don't get me started on the unusable new ui	bug report
Call quality is always bad ( shows poor ) when by wifi or through network	bug report
A little slower than WhatsApp	irrelevant information
The app hasn't been working since updated	bug report
Too many ads I WAS CALLING MY MOM AND A AD MADE ME HANG UP ON ACCIDENT THEN I GOT YELLED AT!!!!!! I mean c'mon	bug report
People on the other end can't hear or understand you because they get an echo.	bug report
It's amazing I love talking to my friends and family	irrelevant information
does not work for calling	bug report
Hell it's free !!! Although you will experience dropped calls but like I said it's a free service.	irrelevant information
Several friends started receiving spam texts on their numbers the day after we used this app. I don't remember reading anything about selling user's phone numbers	bug report
After starting the app nothing is working. You can't click anything	bug report
it's way too complicated	irrelevant information
Hi team the voice call and video call is working but voice not hear both side kindly clear this issue	bug report
Voice not clear some disturbance there..,?	bug report
Your getting a 1 star because you won't let me text people or call	bug report
Gd not hh Jake's	irrelevant information
Calls are impossible because of an echo on the other end.	bug report
As of 10/17 it no longer sends or receives any kind of text or photo... so disappointing!	bug report
Backround blur forced on now and cannot turn off. Already uninstalled and reinstalled app and updated while clearing cache. Horrible app. skype would not notify me when someone called even though my notification settings are turned up to the loudest possible setting they also would not automatically answer my call even though I have a setting setup to wear would answer my call I will never consider it using skype or purchasing it's products for android or any other device.	bug report
Best Application	irrelevant information
I have used this app as my primary text messaging app since my first smart phone. They are now discontinuing sms support. I will be forced to move away from an app i love. 1 star out of grief and sadness. I read the blog and understand but still dont like it.	feature request
Really good. There are no adds.	irrelevant information
It doesn't tell me when I have a message.	bug report
It takes too long to load...	bug report
i have been on Discord since 2016 days and these recent changes from last year merging ios/android together , recent changes and updates has been the biggest mistake Discord has done ever. As an investor of your services, please downgrade back to the old design and unmerge both os's. The ui is garbage!! fix it!!	feature request
4 stars cuz the layout of the app changes a lot everything else is good	irrelevant information
I like it but it has it's problems	irrelevant information
Glitchiest app I've ever used.	bug report
How to turn off chat heads?	feature request
Great for texting, voice quality on phone calls is patchy at best.	bug report
Needs to make notification sounds on phone without making it default	feature request
MTV-&-M.L.L.>✓*True.is.he's.m9.1.v.mo.L1 how am I supposed to tell you more options and you already know there are up and they're in and going around about me it's indifference of opinion your opinion speaks louder than my words but you still evade me or what responsibilities that tracks need to go out and why you don't do that with the laws this government by the land and the laws of government by yours and Washington DC and I for fathers in heaven get off my couch get out this is why I don't	irrelevant information
This app is good but why is that I can't open this app on my phone anymore cos I reset my phone and I downloaded it back then I can't open the app anymore I keep trying it several times it doesn't open I don't know what going on...then you can help us find the solution to this app	bug report
Overall everything works as advertised. Sometimes voice calls robot voice (poor signal) but I do not believe that is the fault of the devs.	bug report
Got SCAMMED "One time payment to lock in your number!" Bull! It's an annual subscription they turned it into... (Hey we can make money monthly on this, let's not tell the clients who've already paid for it!)	bug report
There was too much distortion with text now and basically too much interruptions and the sound was unclear!	bug report
Is the best and showtimes in mess up your phone any crashes it all the time so I don't know about five stars 3/5 this about it	bug report
It used to be a great app. Since last few weeks it's unusable. It auto defen the VC when opening the game screen. The sound comes back as soon as you switch from game screen to any other screen - discord, another app etc. I don't have this problem when logging through the website, it's the app issue. Removing the app and installing fresh didn't help. 1 star Edit: The newest update made things even worse. It's hard to navigate between servers and friends messages. No access to friends list. Awful	bug report
No ring when called rest god	bug report
Removed anonymous chatting which was highly dangerous. Name can now be viewed.	feature request
Freezes alot and bumps me or hangs up on phone calls	bug report
Some how made it buggier and ugly	bug report
Last update is a disaster, whole ui remade to worsen user experience, laggy, features dont work, crashing	bug report
Good alternative to meta, because Zuckerberg is a douchebag.	irrelevant information
It freezes quite often you should get it	bug report
how do i make a new password i forgot and can't change my username now?	bug report
I've purchased two sim card's, but never received them. Tried customer service but even though I gave them the order ID numbers, they said they have no record of my order from the only account I've ever used to make purchases. Even with my Gmail account that I set up my textnow account. I paid for the sim cards when they were only $.99 , now they are $4.99. I'm going to uninstall it and try another texting app. The free version has gotten a little monotonous with all of the AD's .	bug report
unless it's very good and nicer😻😻😻😺😺😺	irrelevant information
The  calls have some issues but my biggest problem is that I ca not receive pictures, please help and fix.	bug report
Because setting mic and other thing is really laggy	bug report
Nothing really sets it apart from any other group chat app	irrelevant information
Nice for culling your group out of the mob of other platforms.	irrelevant information
My account got disabled for no reason. L app 🧟‍♂️	bug report
You just got to take your time	irrelevant information
mandatory must have application if you have to be contactable in as many	feature request
Good service better platform placement or menu modifications I think would be cool to rearrange	feature request
Recent updates of the app, and notifications no longer appear for the app like it once did.	bug report
Simply Great.	irrelevant information
Need to be able to DELETE PHOTOS & POSTS.  Do that and I'll give you 5 stars.	feature request
I have a crefit and can not use	bug report
This is a good app it is just very very laggy	bug report
It's so laging. Most heavy app on my phone. Hard to use and stay calm.	bug report
worst app makes you pay to use calling feature (didnt try text). this app is trash	bug report
Been on here for 5 years, 4 stars is best i can give	irrelevant information
I love this app very much and would give it 5 star but the new update of discord layout and other way to get around the server and chat I just don't like it at all I want the old layout where it very simple and not getting lost	feature request
Suddenly it stopped giving notifications unless I enter into the app, then the piled up notifications all comes up at once. It's the same even I reinstalled and checked all the settings	bug report
Don't like the notification at the top it causes interference. Don't need the notification.	feature request
I LOVE THIS APP!! I'm almost 18 and my parents won't give me a phone number. So I installed this and it was great !!! But there are a few things it could fix... For example I can't send photos and I really need to! And the calls are really laggy...Other wise this is an amazing app!!!	feature request
Thankful for the text now app	irrelevant information
I love this app, but for some reason I can't send voice messages, pictures or videos, my friends are having the same problem, ,can you fix this or is there a way to be able to make it work again?	bug report
Willill up load the nessesary	irrelevant information
I was using this app, then one day I had to start over from the beginning. Now I cannot get into my own bank account.	bug report
It doesn't say "seen" right after the other person sees your message . It takes around 10 seconds. And it's really buggy and doesn't even work sometimes.	bug report
It is interesting that the app also sends it as a text. I would prefer not to get both.	feature request
It's great! Works well, responsive, and good for group chats. Only issue I have is notifications. Too many and it groups them together but the first one it shows is the earliest one.	feature request
STAY AWAY FROM THIS APP! I woke up to my account being closed and they never gave me a legit reason why! I lost all my family contacts and my mother has just died. I am completely devastated. You all are monsters and grifters. You take people money and then cancel them for no particular reason.	bug report
Used to be a great app, but it's completely broken after the last update.	bug report
Hurry tf up and download	irrelevant information
I like the original version of the app. But the new version is honestly not making any sense. Let's talk about the calls. I have this friend I usually call but for some reason, her mic had this little icon that is like not letting her speak, although her equipment and my equipment is working and I've been trying to fix it but I can't even email discord support, because they won't let me log into my account. I'm honestly giving up.	bug report
This app is so annoying, always force close and lagging for no reason.	bug report
When I'm using the app- dont mind pop up ads. While I am texting or on my other apps- stay the hell off my screen!!! Thats a little bit much and its irritating. I'm uninstalling now. Whats worse is, I'll be TEXTING SOMEONE and an ad will pop up. REALLY??!!! Stay off my stuff. Show your stupid ads when the app is open. You have no right to otherwise.	bug report
There is still a way to go. Signal should be more than a spare tyre of WhatsApp or so. We hope for more development	irrelevant information
Was good until my number was gone,oh well.	irrelevant information
It was better for awhile, but now when I go into a different app the audio doesn't work.	bug report
Im not agree that Skype subscribe to a plan with out your concent, and then is almost impossible to cancel it.	bug report
It's not really private is it	irrelevant information
doesn't work. no sms nor calls	bug report
Ok dial pad numbers are to small	bug report
I really like discord actually, but their QA testing is the worst. Their latest update broke uploading video files on mobile AGAIN. That's right, again. As in it happened before and somehow it's a happened again. How can a basic function go overlooked in multiple updates? Again, I love using Discord, and I even pay for Nitro, but the constant failures to get basic things right is wearing on me.	bug report
I can't  receive pictures nor send can you guys fix it A.S.A.P! Please & thank you	bug report
Pretty good . Sometimes voices are unclear.	bug report
Don't get all my text and don't receive all my text!!!	bug report
Please cancel my subscription to this app	irrelevant information
Great but sharing on IOS flakey	bug report
A hot glitchy mess, screens only half display when rotated lots, and of the last update, cameras just don't load 90% of the time, before it was either a frozen frame of them or a loading screen. But now it just doesn't load, and for some reason latley every time I join, everyones cameras are disabled and I have to manually turn them on. They work for a bit but then quit. I honestly miss the old mobile discord. Still a love hate relationship with this app	bug report
December 2023 layout change is yet another example of UI change for its own sake. It makes things that have been in the same place for years much more difficult to find, for absolutely no reason. This app has been subject to pointless cosmetic changes for a long time, but this one is comprehensive and much more irritating.	feature request
My Sim is activated but it doesn't work	bug report
I Don't know	irrelevant information
Barely use it	irrelevant information
Its great to be able to use my phone	irrelevant information
This new mobile UI is terrible. It makes navigation a pain, and when I click into a chat it is messages above my last sent reply, so I have to scroll down to even see current messages. You can't swipe to see members of a server anymore, and the new UI made it so the soundboard on mobile is glitched out and can't be used either. Seeing the VC icon in the corner is so distracting, and I hate seeing everyone's icons above the messages. Look at the new reviews and star rating. New UI was a mistake.	feature request
I cant get my account back it is not working what is going on with group me i have two groups that i chat with and i am missing out this is terrible	bug report
Goof	irrelevant information
I use Discord every single day and I love it, it would be have been 5* if they kept the same old ui. The new UI is horrible and it constantly glitches and bugs at every given second. Even clicking notifications will cause a frozen screen and to fix it is to close the app completely. It's an okay UI and I'm already a bit used to it but the change is sudden and it's annoying to use the app now.	bug report
Works smoothly and is way better than my native (Samsung) messaging app. I especially like the "Note to Self" feature.	feature request
The new UI update makes the app MUCH MUCH LESS accessible. the app also ends up much slower too and sometimes very unresponsive. the old UI was way better.	bug report
New layout is bad.....like real bad. Cant easily search for things under servers now.	feature request
I miss a lot of phone calls because the phone rings when it want too. when the call do come through the other party can never hear me. Eventually I have to text or email everything and it defeat the purpose of having a calling app. Just say that it is only for texting and not calling I hate texting that's why I downloaded the app.🤦🤷🙅	bug report
Best for privacy unlike whatsapp	irrelevant information
Not ringing on incoming calls.	bug report
Love getting on an seeing what's going on at her daycare !	irrelevant information
App keeps crashing and can't get to important information	bug report
when i click in the contact tab the application crashes down.	bug report
Really like this app.I had my SIM for 2weeks.I having problems activating it!Tried everything next customer support!😕	bug report
The gifs make my phone crash	bug report
App is awful do not recommend at all	irrelevant information
app has lots of issues	bug report
I'm trying to stop the scams and stop getting hacked.	irrelevant information
This app allows people that steal Phones to get on and use as if they bought the dang phone. If your into stealing phones this is a great app to use they give you a free phone number and free calling if you run out of min just watch an add. Great job creator 👏 👍	irrelevant information
Its okay just a slow assss app	irrelevant information
Newest update has made the search feature clunky and unintuitive. The app as a whole also runs slower in loading anything, most noticably when first starting.	bug report
To many ads and the call hangs up for no reason BUT it is very good	bug report
Scottish fold up with the money 💰💰🤑🤑 I done gave him some more of your time and consideration I look forward for your positive reply from the store for you guys and hope that you will be home	irrelevant information
It takes 2 minutes, 2 hours or 2 days to send a single massage very bad experience.	bug report
best messaging service. prefer it over anything else!	irrelevant information
Showing random landline numbers to the people I call	bug report
Amazing app, love privacy, encryption and features including stories similar to snapchat, and I trust Signal to be able to use the in app camera which I don't do for apps like IG or W.A. The only reason for 4* instead of 5 is, with my Samsung A series at least, the camera/video quality from the in app camera isn't the best, and the video doesn't work with the flash on, so can't video at night from inside the messenger have to open the Camera app and then pick from the gallery. Apart from that, G	feature request
Terrible. Couldn't make calls. Couldn't text getting my damn money back	bug report
reinstall i have loged out/in and I reached out to the support but they	bug report
Too many errors	bug report
Doesn't work at all for me there is a bug that won't let me select an area	bug report
The AI chat bot is very disrespectful, sometimes unresponsive, and insulted me. I asked for a word definition, and it insulted me instead. AI VERY HARMFUL. I uninstalled your app completely. Very disturbing!!!!	bug report
Won't let you delete pictures, ever. So if you send a private photo to a wrong person you're screwed. You would think this would be an easy fix but i guess they don't care.	bug report
A MUST-HAVE backup app... .. .	irrelevant information
Between it getting flakier and flakier over time (missed incoming messages, silently failed sent message, janky media support, etc) and now the upcoming removal of SMS, I think it is time to move on to more reliable and robust solutions. It was a good run, Signal.	bug report
Can't contact customer service and the phone number hangs up when you call. They're constantly trying to charge my card.	bug report
works better than before on my chromebook,not managed to talk to anybody on it-just skype call testing.	irrelevant information
Everything I see if fine!	irrelevant information
They "fixed" what wasn't broken	bug report
...useless now...Edit: well since it doesn't work at all apparently not!!	bug report
It could be better on the reception during calling others, some times its hard to hear. Other times you can hear clearly but the person on the other end cannot. Other than that its convenient	bug report
Please please allow us to delete messages, groups etc. It takes up alot of space and i still see school groups from years ago. Hiding it isn't enough	feature request
Hoping for a positive experience.	irrelevant information
Did not end up using it or even trying it out. Uninstalling it.	irrelevant information
The new updated ui is so garbage and practically ruined the app	feature request
good performance even at low data speed	irrelevant information
The groupme app is not showing my groups	bug report
I only like it because why would u put minutes when your trying to call someone cause something bad is happening u can't cause your out of minuets I hate that it gets me so mad sometimes	bug report
Something needs fixin still... Some people get my messages and some dont. Any ideas?	bug report
Been absolutely awful since the UI update; overlapping buttons on calls making it difficult to use, chat keeps scrolling you to the oldest message instead of newest, things not getting marked read, search barely works and sometimes only brings up half the people, pins are now hidden, absolute rubbish.	bug report
Why does it matter that I am a Muslim?	irrelevant information
App is barely functional. Adding members to a group is a chore, you get random spam messages, and there's no way to delete messages you don't want. It's barebones, basic, and there are plenty of other messaging apps out there that don't he job better.	bug report
Wont update my chats at all. Wont show new chats. wont update old chats unless I look at them. Wont update people in the chat when others add them so i can't @ them.	bug report
Thankfully after a few weeks the prior issue was resolved. The app is fully functional again on mine and my friends xbox devices. Would really love to see all of the nitro features released on mobile soon.	feature request
Used occasionally as and when needed. Service is overall good but improvements need to be made at times due to minor but manageable issues here and there	irrelevant information
ok app constantly needs refreshed and login thou kinda makes it suck	bug report
devices from the same account . Really frusturating to deal with at times.	bug report
Text only come in if the app is open.	bug report
battery eater since a few months (since an update) have to put app to sleep in android pie in device care/battery/battery usage textnow... put app to sleep	bug report
Keeps sending me to a black screen and ut takes over all my info after that.HELP!!!!!	bug report
Works90% of the time.	bug report
i really like this app. but with the newest surge for cash grab. this app is not longer completely free. i remember when i could get those confirmation texts you jeed when signing up for things online. but now instead of getting the simple text. text now sends you a link to pay for the upgraded version just to get your text. nice move on textnow devs part. good luck trying to sign up for jobs and other apps that need confirmation texts.	feature request
I paid for credits to call internationally but never received the credit, even after waiting for 48 hours. The app is alright for calling North American countries tho.	bug report
I am unable to make an account due to rare errors plz fix this	bug report
Well, when i installed the app it was all fine. The part after putting the otp while signing up it shows i also have to put my gmail account. After receiving the mail and verifying i have to do the same thing over and over again. Just after filling up in the website and continewing, it brings me back to discord showing me support or verify. I actually want to install this app because my friends tell me discord is far better than other apps.	bug report
A solid 2 out of 5 because the text window closes before you finish or send your text. Secondly phone calls drop like panties at a drake concert. Suffice it to say that the app needs improvment. But for free i suppose u get what you pay for.	bug report
Wish I could get verification codes	feature request
normally there is no problems but the past few weeks I can't even click on the app sometimes and it's super lagy and slow ect	bug report
For the older version	bug report
App does not work with Google voice numbers.	bug report
App keeps losing channels on groups have to remove and reinstall to fix which only fixes for a day...still	bug report
New to it	irrelevant information
I can't even sign into my own account! Requested for a new password multiple times, never got anything in my inbox or junk mail. Horrible.	bug report
Good app the best	irrelevant information
Great for emergency situations. But only can use when wifi is available. But waiting on Sim card is about 10 or more days	feature request
Why charging for indian calling? Before it was free	bug report
I liked it at first it was really cheap and I was telling my friends to download it and now it is a ripoff first it's $6.99 a year and then it turned into $6.99 a month and then $2.40 a week then that turned into $9.49 a week this is a total scam! If this doesn't change back to its original price or I'm going to post this everywhere and I am telling everybody it's a scam, so if you don't want that happen change it back!!! 😠	bug report
Signal has become worthless. I just received a notice within the app that will soon not be able to send nor receive sms messages. Signal users make up less than 3% of my contacts. I receive thousands of sms messages a year from people who do not use Signal nor have any interest in using Signal. What good is this software to me now? I am sorry that I ever donated.	bug report
This app not updet fast	bug report
Ever since the update, I have had to continuously restart or refresh the app in order to make it function. Channels no longer work properly on the first try, instead showing me the same channel over and over, and I have repeatedly had messages accidentally spam or not send at all. While I understand and even appreciate the means to make navigation through the app simpler, it's core function is broken and I'm very upset about it.	bug report
I cant call anyone I have a account and it doesn't work i dont why please explain to me what's going on Microsoft	bug report
It really good for friends and I totally recommend.	irrelevant information
The worst ever , always a problem with logging in , always a problem with connecting the servers ! I don't know what happend to this company!	bug report
I made a phone call and it was the most frustrating thing I have ever experienced and i have high blood pressure problems. I had to continually repeat myself and the other person repeated herself as the phone lagged in the conversation and I couldn't get simple sentences through as we repeated ourselves. This app needs to end or get fixed. Now.	bug report
I love the app it works well, but I've not been a fan of not being able to permanently opt out of having the game play button and the constant oh hay try nitro can you add a way to turn the nitro notifications off and add a way to hide the gameplay tab on the options page in settings	feature request
I wish this app was better. It could be such a great app but it's so buggy. And it has been for the past 5 & a half years of me using it. My iPhone barely works properly and my Android: 1. Never lets me tag 3. Doesn't always load messages 4. Doesn't let me search history more than a month back 3. And today it logged me out of my account and when I log back in I literally have ZERO chats, it's like a brand new account. Inonly have access on my laptop. I really wish you guys would fix this app	bug report
Something went wrong with Discord, there's disadvantages to me. I'm unable to send photos, voice messages and other medias.	bug report
This is so ugly my gmail is not Login it said he detected	bug report
Work requires this app so it's a pain in the ass but it works	irrelevant information
I can text just fine but sometimes i don't receive the text and the calls are great and the app is very slow	bug report
Brand new, not involved yet?	irrelevant information
More than 25 years using this app. -- and glad to and for developers were so clever to make this application.....	irrelevant information
It is a very good app and I like it but for some reason when my friend tries to call me it dosen't work and he can't message me which is a big problem. Skype can u please fix this cuz i really need to be able to chat with my friend.	bug report
Glad they fixed the new attachment feature to be more like it was. Still wish notifications gave more info, like channel and server in a way that I can read it. Sometimes can't tell where it's posted depending on the owners formatting.	feature request
I used to love using the app, but the latest updates have been so frustrating. I have a Samsung s9. As a mod I am now unable to add emjois to channel names. The mods with iphones have to do it for me. Before the most recent updates If i responded to an earlier message in the conversation it would keep me where I was. But now, when I do, it sends me to the latest messages. I have to scroll back through sometimes hundreds of messages to get back to where I was in the conversation.	bug report
It's discord, it's the current standard	irrelevant information
Good group app. The widget needs fixing. It goes blank and the only way to fix it is to remove and re-add.	bug report
This app rarely alerts me to new messages and this week stopped letting me send messages all together. I sent a message to support over 24 hours ago and have heard nothing. It is decent for calls though.	bug report
Great source.	irrelevant information
Works for one call and text then constant "oops there was a problem" popup... fugazi app just like the rest...#WasteOfTime	bug report
The new UI update, with no option for the old version, is NOT helpful. As someone who is Neurodivergent, this change coming around the holidays makes me upset. I can no longer also utilize DND mode as it will still notify me, and it's hard to navigate because the layout is WILDLY different now. l already was having issues in VC, this just made the app even more clunky and annoying. I have to keep using it because I have built up connections on here, but at what cost? Please go back.	feature request
Waist of my time did not work on my phone	bug report
It takes long to load its bad	bug report
the app worked great at first no problems with sending or receiving messages. and no problems making phone calls for the 60 mins they credit you. after that the app begins crashing not allowing anything to come thru or go out. Also it doesn't give you credits for completing offers. Nor does it show that you completed an offer. if theses issues can be fixed my rating and review will be better. Could be a great app if fixed.	bug report
The newest update makes the app feel more complicated to use than before. I absolutely loved the layout and abilities before the update, as did my friends. I particularly miss being able to swipe right and see others in a server, and the old way private messages would appear instead of separately. I'll update with a higher rating if things get better but as of right now I'm just not very happy with it...	feature request
Phone doesn't ring, calls go straight to voicemail and I get notified minutes to hours later. Unauthorized fraudsters can open an account once they learn your email.	bug report
Good. I haven't used it for long but so far it's been good.	irrelevant information
Takes a long time for the app to start up and sometimes it says some of my texts aren't going through. When I try to resend it sends more then one of the same text. Sort of annoying but it works. Never had luck with the calling though. The qualities always been horrible and there's always a delay and echo.	bug report
Solid app, works great for teams	irrelevant information
I love this app for connecting n work. But how am I supposed to use it if it crashed every time I click on a group?!	bug report
Revert Discord Mobile UI immediately please, its become laggy, unresponsive and can't use critical functions (search) to what is expected.	feature request
bruh... gimme back the old vers! just now, like literally a few mins ago, I click the picture from my friend in the group and it got... seperated... half stay in the channel, the other half go to the edge. 🫥 The loading so long! also I cant send any message just now. the notif about 1 unread message wont go even I click the "X" icon. I'm okay with the current version look, but please fix all those unnecesarry things! and those bugs too...	bug report
Volume on calling is horrible at least I have text	bug report
My number kept getting taken away, even tho i used it quite frequently. It was great number too! Very easy to remember	bug report
Fantastic except for video calls and screenshare	bug report
I want to know how I'm not even allowed to get a phone number and then you guys bam me for misuse of the terms and conditions when I never even use the service banned you guys are crazy this use to be a good app now just trash	bug report
Simply The best.	irrelevant information
I hate having to wait for the splash screen to clear every time I switch between Skype and other apps. The splash screen should show up only once when Skype first starts.	feature request
I have to exit and reenter a chat for the messages to show up. Completely ridiculous.	bug report
Would not register my account	bug report
Its hard to make bot	feature request
Its slow and the ads are not only annoying but they get in the way.	bug report
What's with this new "chatting about" notification? Its so creepy and unwanted. Why the hell is discord actively following our conversations and announcing it to everyone in the server? This needs to be disabled by default, or better yet removed entirely, and have an option for server admins to disable it for the entire server. Please stop with the random updates and ask the community if they'd like something before you force it on us.	feature request
TextNow is very useful for hiding your true phone number from scammers or other unwelcome callers.	irrelevant information
It used to be a great app for class, for android and Apple compatibility messages, and very large groups. Notifications issue have been fixed with a newer phone and updates. It still tends to send your messages in duplicates. The polls aren't working anymore and allowing me or others to see the cumulative results. There's always a problem when one thing is fixed	bug report
Trying to create account and never received the code despite trying several times	bug report
Notifications seem to not update consistently lately. Hoping an update will make this go away.	bug report
It says FREE! IT ISNT FREE	bug report
I can't get it to ring on my tablet when someone calls the phone does not ring	bug report
Every time I make a call the app hang up and then says the app needs to be restarted so I'm deleting this and getting a different ones cuz it's doing it to every single call and it's hanging up on my phone calls	bug report
Habitual Offenders in suddenly canceling your account for no apparent reason while claiming user agreement violations. This results in loss of data and no reinbursement of prepaid amounts. No service contacts, but a circle jerk bot. They will scam you! Screwed me for $30! Use Google Live its free and trusted!	bug report
Calling? Not for you I used to sleep on call with my bf all the time we both don't sleep very well and we love eachothers company if we wake up in the middle of the night, but ever since the last update of one of us gets kicked out (which it's now doing at the least every hour). Or even on call on discord every 20 minutes even when we're being active and talking one of us gets kicked for absolutely no reason, and it's really annoying I hope you fix it	bug report
the last update is awful. it was good as it was, now things are just harder and more annoying. ..also reminds me too much of Facebook's Messenger app. too overwhelming. i haven't found anything i like about the recent update. i would have liked it if there was an option to have it like it used to look. choosing one's own layout. as some people like this update and others such as myself absolutely not.	feature request
I wish this app would nest notifications. It is annoying to have your notification shade cluttered with 5+ separate message notifications. 1 saying I have 5+ messages is sufficient. Repeating my request.	feature request
This is great app I have used it for years the only bad problem is the kicking out of calls for 3 minutes over then that it's a good app	bug report
One of the slowest and most unresponsive app I've ever used. Refuses to start, wastes lots of time in updating conversation and so on and so forth. Notifications are late, connectivity is bad. I first wrote this review 3 months ago, but not a line in response from the developer team. Why this callous attitude????	bug report
Really pissing me off, can't send photos at all, time to use a different app for messaging	bug report
It lost mins and it will not let get mins	bug report
Ugly ahh update	feature request
Journalling	irrelevant information
How do I revert back to the old UI in this app? It seems like the old UI worked stable and fine with no problems.	feature request
Useful media with official crypto, stock organization channels & groups.	irrelevant information
Very cool for chatting	irrelevant information
Still constantly glitchy. Have not had notifications now for over a month. IPhone and Android have the same problems.	bug report
Worst app too loading in send msg	bug report
terrible UI update as of December 2023. channels do not load properly, switching between discords is slow and also may not load correctly. previous version was much smoother. hopefully these issues get fixed	bug report
It's not as private as I was thinking it should be! The case being any signal user can barge in on your account without permission when it's a private conversation!	bug report
the worst! i bought nitro and its not working, my money is already gone and i wasted it over nothing! i literally bought it and said i was subscribe but i don't even have my nitro badge	bug report
I like the app the problem is I cant delete any of the conversations or calls so I'm not clogging up my phone with wasted space. Can you fix this?	feature request
This app is bloated and requires too many permissions, but gets the job done.  Has saved me $20/mo for 4 years.	irrelevant information
Does what it says...but it's not free?	irrelevant information
#1 Every time I pick up an incoming call the caller has to call me a few times in a row because they can't hear me. Then in mid conversation they would have to hang up and call back because they couldn't hear me. #2 every time I try to do surveys or watch videos or download games to receive minutes I never get them. Never. It frustrates me when I do things to get minutes and I get nothing in return. These 2 reasons is why I rate you with 3 stars.	bug report
It works for a while then says it doesn't support any of my numbers when it did this morning and stopped calls and no one can call me I need to get calls I work at home	bug report
I love discord and have for MANY many years. I'm gonna give it a 4/5 for these reasons 1)I can no longer send voice messages through my phone 2)when you're gifted nitro, you're not able to upload a different server picture, change the background, etc. I love discord. Those are my only 2 issues	feature request
Microsoft products 💩💩	irrelevant information
love it , works very well	irrelevant information
Messages not sending instantly. Very slow update of conversation Incoming call notification delays Please fix all those	bug report
I used to love this chatting app but now........ this chatting app is just a place of nitro flexers and the new username system oh my days	feature request
9.95 a month... Isnt free...	irrelevant information
The update from last week is a huge leap forward. Just called Toronto-New York for an hour and voice and video were both crystal clear. What a difference!	feature request
Works very well and gives access to community communication.	irrelevant information
I still love this app but ion like how yall snaking the verifications... yall would be a WAY better app...	feature request
There should be a lite version of discord	feature request
This app is better than zoom and Google meets I loved this app but there is a problem that,after an interval of few days it tells me to sign in again and when I sign in with the same account it tells that there is a problem with the account .	bug report
Bought the sim card and did every step and even every step in trouble shoot. Doesn't work. Don't waste your money. Doesn't work without wifi no matter what.	bug report
Serves it's purpose of providing free calling and texting, however I've been having trouble with notifications. It seems the app will only notify me of a new text or missed call when the app is open and refreshed. This has made keeping up a conversation a bit difficult given I'm not notified when I'm being messaged or called. I've tried every suggestion I could find to fix this but nothing seems to work. Might just be my phone at this point.	bug report
It seems to much like instagram and snapchat... All social media apps are becoming to alike. I liked it before the update.	irrelevant information
It freezes upon launch	bug report
I had just started to you this app and it does everything I need, thanks	irrelevant information
Good for text,  lousy for voice calls	bug report
It does not support verification codes when you have the free version! So what do I want another number for?!	feature request
Much better than dating site videos.	irrelevant information
It says I caught an ultra rare error? I can't sign in and last time I did it was all messed up.	bug report
Don't get all notifications. Never muted	bug report
I downloaded the app and app and up till date cannot open it. Any time I try, I'm always told that there's a log in error and that to sign out and back in which never works.	bug report
I didn't sign in my Gmail account	bug report
Please add voice option badly we need this some times i missing my gf this time i want to sent some kisses 😪😪	feature request
To be honest I am new at discord and I find it kind of confusing. Maybe it's because I am ol and not very tech savvy. Lol	irrelevant information
i do not like the adds they are very disruptive	irrelevant information
just wish MY PHONE carrier wasnt full of💩💩	irrelevant information
No had to reset my phone sorry	irrelevant information
The app work time is too delay ... So, it can not be working properly ... I hope you will solve this problem	bug report
Good but if I suspend the app and then come back to it, it is permanently loading and unable to respond or load messages. I have to reopen the app every single time.	bug report
It's a great app but it'sso annoying having to uninstall then redownload every month just to load in others video on Android.	bug report
have the devs even tried using it on phones	feature request
Worked perfectly, tried to skype using phone to laptop and there's no sound. They can hear me on thr phone but i could not hear them on the laptop	bug report
Randomly stops working	bug report
Quick , seamless & systematic	irrelevant information
Was happy until I couldn't save pics to phone. Need external sd? Why?	feature request
I love the PRIVACY	irrelevant information
It was five starts but now it won't even pop up when i get a text won't tell me or nothing	bug report
Terrible! This use to be my favorite app. The person on other line can't hear me speak	bug report
No matter what I do, this app never gives me notifications. Not even through Gmail, even though I have that setting turned on.	bug report
Super slow since last update. Emoticons you select appear after 10+ seconds in chat and messages hang often. Not only on my phone, but others have the same.	bug report
Okay, nothing to brag about tho... .	irrelevant information
Still very hard to recommend no matter the update. Recently, the pictures I take won't be sent systematically and I can't even delete them which puts big warning signs on every discussion i have.	bug report
Very best app	irrelevant information
Best group texting app on the market. I can mute groups, drop out or join with no issues	feature request
Used to be able to swipe from right to left to easily see who's online, now it just highlights a message to respond to? One of these is way more useful than the other...	feature request
This application runs in conjunction with your device phone and serves as an excellent second phone number. All the useful services such as voicemail come as a standard. I like the fact you can choose from a number on a list provided for choices of your second /alternate phone #. No dropped calls or static calls.	irrelevant information
Deleted this app before! And I still cannot . Now will not let me text again to you! I want back to my SMS text	bug report
It's always worked well. Themes would be nice	irrelevant information
Works as expected. Great messaging app in place of built-in phone or Google text messaging. 2023 edit: Removal of Sms. How hard would it be to leave it as is? But now we have to use another program for standard sms. I have way more sms contacts them encrypted sms.	feature request
so far I'm really enjoying this app!	irrelevant information
It used to be simple and great, but ever since major changes were made, I am unable to use the app properly No matter where I click I can't close the chat that was open when I started the app, I can receive notifications but can't access the newest messages because the app is stuck a few minutes in the past... it's brutally annoying always having to close and open the app to get it working	bug report
Call is 70% clear.unnecessary notification tags	bug report
Very good but isme paise lagte hai bat karne ke liye mujhe laga free hoga but it is not very nice so plz aplog ise free kar digiye I request you and your team skype plzplz	irrelevant information
It has compatibility issues.	bug report
I pay for credits here and there to make calls to doctors offices and other appointments, it's somewhat par, with phone calls breaking up. My internet is amazing so that can't be blamed for calls with limited reception. But the biggest phone is when you have to push numbers like for the pharmacy, it pushes too many numbers together. It's just to much to handle. I'm just going with another app that has less problems. Don't waste your time, this app will only frustrate you	bug report
Normal cellular call rates are much cheaper than Skype subscription in India. I can't find a good reason to subscribe	irrelevant information
I've used signal for a long time, and promoted it to many people, but with the announcement that SMS support is being dropped, I am now planning to drop it like a hot potato and move on. This is just not cool, and makes little sense whatsoever. Whitlw it has never been my favorite security solution, it was convenient being able to have moderate security AND standard SMS in a single app, but this change is just a deal-breaker and unacceptable for my and so many other's needs.	feature request
Great app, unless you're on an Android device. This app sucks for Android!	bug report
My phone is off and I can use this when my phone is off and it is a good app	irrelevant information
It's a good app ..the only downgrade is that you can't look up public server's in the mobile app .just like the pc one .. other then that it's a solid 5 star's for me	feature request
If u say and bad words and it limits ur account and u could go with an better app textnow is so bad it's the worst app ever and should be taking down	bug report
Im using discord for a very long time, the way it used to look was same for many years This is now just a mess, for newcomers its nice but for users like me who are used to the old discord, its a total mess, I don't know where anything is, accessing members on the member list in servers is so complicated comparing to before, for mods or admins its so annoying My review will remain on 1 star for now	feature request
FIX YOUR CONNECTIVITY ISSUE AFTER MINIMIZING THE APP!	bug report
It was very good met a lot of good friends the friends I know since I was a kid and was the best thing I ever had as a app just to talk to my only friends I know since I was a kid I knew them since I was at the park at school at the movies everywhere I know them since I was a kid we can call each other FaceTime text each other for the time I feel like I was close to them play when you meet them in the real world face to face is the best thing in the world it's like you just don't want to leav	irrelevant information
Please fix the server connection of discord, messages takes too long to load and sometimes cannot even connect to the voice channels in phone, I don't experience this on my pc so it is not a net problem or phone problem since I could connect just fine on other apps. Last UI is also nice for us who tend to use discord on pc while gaming, if you could let the user choose between UIs it would be nice. Hopefully you'll be able to fix this soon, it's been going on for 3updates already.	feature request
AMOLED Black theme is needed	feature request
Nice but sometimes lags.	bug report
Trying tolog in for 7 days now. The app says it sent a code to log in but to where did it send the code? Not to my phone, I checked it several times. Considering deleting my account & app if I can't get into my account soon!	bug report
Actually it works but i think 5$ is a lot for one verification code 🤬	irrelevant information
I really like this app it start you out with several minutes of talk time without having to pay and the calls are clear. unlimited texting. and then when you do pay to keep your phone number and it's only $4.99 a month and you can watch videos to get more talktime! 🙂	irrelevant information
It served it's purpose. Sometimes when I would try to answer the incoming call it wouldn't let me and then it would not stop ringing until I turned my phone off and back on again.	bug report
After update it is good but pls do something that in Android we can change our background or blur background like in laptops	feature request
LIKE IT BUT DOESN'T RING 😠	bug report
I hope the new update quits saying I have notification when I don't.  Calls still don't come thru well. I love the texting. It's easy to use and saves me about 60.00 a month. Well give better review if notifications get fixed this time.	bug report
The was fine when it work I deleted the app reinstall it and I still can't login into my account	bug report
Don't use this service. They take your number away even if you make your one call per month. Choose another app.	irrelevant information
its doing ok but a lil back and forth a drag	irrelevant information
Íts súcks all of thís	irrelevant information
After updated, now I can't even open the app. When I'm on the call the app is hanging, frozen, not responding.	bug report
Doesn't work on a phone very well.However works on a tablet better !	bug report
Excellent messenger! Almost always works perfectly. Thanks to the developers! Good luck!	irrelevant information
A lot of errors but if there wasnt i would reccomend this app.... -_-	bug report
keeps hanging up during phone calls and cant answer phone calls please fix this problem	bug report
1st time on app. Don't work. Lol what's going on her. The reviews here are true you guys suck as garbage.	bug report
Its crap I couldn't call on it	bug report
Can't see the participants video in good layout. If I set my phone in portrait the participants look good, however if I turn into landscape, the participants video crop part of the person.	bug report
Perfect very good aap.	irrelevant information
I don't always get added to some groups properly and can only see messages via text and not the app	bug report
pls atleast keep an option to use the old ui, the new one is so messy and harder to move around	feature request
no longer receive notifications so ive missed every single conversation in my group for the last month or two. if i could give -1 stars i would since not only is this useless, it is preventing me from talking to my group	bug report
Some of the updates are fine, but killing functionality and profile pictured don't populate. The same thing is still happening Messages don't populate promptly, nor notify me	bug report
Good app Im able to mute the groups i don't want to constantly hear. I use mainly for kids sports team messaging.	feature request
Opens 9nly on half of the screen	bug report
Nice App. User friendly	irrelevant information
It's way to slow i Can't even delete my server!	bug report
Idk why but on my Xiaomi 5 plus Skype notification not show if I don't open app.	bug report
When I updated the app, it automatically shares my discord info with my contacts? That's awful lol	feature request
The calls at times are not clear, the have cut offs or wouldnt connect the call inmediatelly	bug report
Annoying to use ever since the update. Clunky, slow, just go to a different app until they change the UI back	bug report
I'd rather not you need to upgrade me otherwise you'll never get your codes	irrelevant information
New update sucks I literally can barely use the app anymore.	bug report
Not recommend for mobile very poor response time, downloading speed for files are like a hell.	bug report
It was ok at the begging but now it is impossible to connect and make a call, and it is freezing all the time having to close and uninstall several time. The help center is not enough I will suggest to put a number to contact someone for getting assistance ,	bug report
nice app, but most people don't want to switch over as they think it is a hassle to switch over from whatsapp	irrelevant information
Good excelent happy	irrelevant information
Calls drop and msgs don't send even when connected to wifi	bug report
It wont let me log in my acount but normally good	bug report
Stopped supporting SMS, so it's worthless to me now. Sad!	bug report
Microsoft discontinued Skype-to-go. It was very useful and reliable for calling internationally. I tried using the app today and the calls dropped every 2 to 3 minutes. At this point, I'm going to use up the remaining credit and find a different app/service. Microsoft, you lost a paying user.	bug report
New UI sucks big time. Might cancel my nitro over it.	feature request
when i try to type it keeps closing my keboard, so i deleted it and reinstalled it and It was still happening so ill like for it to be fixed	bug report
I hate this app especially when I have to use it to get my friends messages when they use emojis!!!😡	irrelevant information
Picture quality poor, have to select contacts one at a time to block from updates then it scrolls back to beginning every time.	bug report
Everything always been good make my calls straight to where I wanted to and lasts until I'm done	irrelevant information
Good to keep up with the group	irrelevant information
Sometimes images don't go thru or come thru 20 mins later. Other than that it's perfect.	bug report
My account was disabled for no reason and when I asked why I was not given an answer. This was my main number and I'm going through a lot of medical issues so now no one has a way to contact me. I can't pull up no past messages or get important phone numbers that were stored. The customer service sucks and it has taken way too long to resolve this issue. I was blind sided and had my number for almost a year. I can't even get the detectives info on my case from when I was hit by a car walking.	bug report
Just improve it..all ready. Okay	irrelevant information
This is the best app I've ever use so far, that is why I rated it 4 stars' so far	irrelevant information
Can communicate with problems and no setbacks.	irrelevant information
I cant seem to activate my new sim card.	bug report
Skype via mobile phone is going very slow it's keepd stuck and run, facing this issue from last 6 months u think not sure what happen. Tried to uninstall and clear the cache as well many times but won't worked any idea how can I fix this issue ?	bug report
Missed a call cause I didnt get a notification and I had notifications on for this app	bug report
It crashes alot, and there are way to many ads. I will just open the app and it will just close on me. its happened to me at least 10times just today.. i have water damage on my censor so my phone isnt able to update its firmware, PPL or ZTE software.	bug report
Some bugs sometimes but it's cool	bug report
The new update has completely mangled their user interface. It used to be easy to find things, see how many messages you had and from who, lists of people in a given server... and now all of that is gone. This went from a very easy to use app that was one of the best mobile apps on my phone, to one of the worst in literally one update. I will be recommending people not to download Discord and to hold off updating for as long as possible due to the disasterous UI change.	feature request
Development has really slowed down over the past few years. Instead of making improvements their latest big change was removing integrated SMS support which is the main reason many people started to use the app. In comparison with Telegram, Signal is way behind and loosing market share. I'll probably keep using Signal for a little while longer before looking for a new alternative.	irrelevant information
Run without email	irrelevant information
I have used this app for a long time but for the last couple months it has been buggy. Normally when I would get a text message I would here my notification sound and I would get a pop up on my screen, but now I don't get any notification that I have a text message. And the only way I would see that I have a text message is by opening the app and letting it load for a while. I have tried reinstalling the app, updating it, and using other pinger apps with my number but nothing really works.	bug report
Need more work in to it	irrelevant information
I would like to have an edit message option, other than that, Signal works good.	feature request
Great for clubs teams workgroups!	irrelevant information
Can archive and delete history, but it will not delete it.	bug report
Yeah I'm so happy and feel so safe and loved ..	irrelevant information
BOOOOO!! You're removing a primary feature and you want me to donate!? How dare you! Bring Moxie back you exeujerks!	feature request
Can't get in it,it's blocked won't take my email	bug report
I really enjoy the app. I am in several different chats that utilize this app to stay in contact with groups of people. If anyone reads this, I would like you to update or figure out a way when you create a poll in the chat that it shows who voted for what choice.	feature request
Layout change makes the platform feel unoriginal, and feels like a 180 from where the app was for the original users	feature request
It needs better emojis thr way the pics are displayed needs to be bigger and ability to manipulate it like drawing on it or	feature request
I mean it works to text my coworkers	irrelevant information
I am very disappointed in the quality of the phone calls lately because they either echo drop or can't hear me	bug report
Its fairly slow and unresponsive	bug report
It's a great app but I'm removing stars because they're getting rid of SMS support and because they've added stories.	feature request
Good app, sometimes doesn't give me notifications	bug report
This is a great app for everyone to chat with their friends. Unlike other apps, you don't need a phone number to use this app. All you need is an email account and you can chat to as many people as you want. You can also join some amazing server and share your interests with other people. The only bad thing is some bugs and the fact that you can only add 10 people to a group chat. Anymore than 10 and you need to make a server.	feature request
Terrible lack of functions. Can't access a full call history, no option to turn on speakerphone. These are really basic functions for a phone call app to have, every other similar app has them. What is going on with the development that such fundamental features are missing? Is the development team on strike? Is microsoft trying to slowly kill Skype instead of pulling the plug?	feature request
Paying for a premium subscription and it's still sending me notifications about some stupid contest with no way to turn those off or opt out. Utter tripe garbage.	bug report
Good for making calls. The user experience is terrible. It is very difficult to find contacts, add a new one, etc. The chat window is literally the worst I've ever seen.	bug report
Fix your ui in profile. I can't access the setting on mobile discord.	feature request
App worked fine for years, now it's buggy to the point of unusable.	bug report
Cool got to earn minutes but it's cool	irrelevant information
This platform genuinely keeps worsening itself. The UI change was utterly pointless and disorienting. This app DIDN'T NEED those changes. You don't need to make it more of an eyesore and more horrible to use. Why don't you do a sensible thing and don't give into brain-dead investors. That would make us all so much happier. The only good side this platform has is the communities, and these have existed independently of this tripe so that's irrelevant.	feature request
it's granny	irrelevant information
Still a Quality app but the reworked everything into a worse state. If you even want to see who is online is much more of a hassle now alongside giving no option to revert the change and outright saying they know people arent gonna like this.	feature request
There are times when I don't get notifications, so I miss posts.	bug report
Literally one app that Microsoft brought and destroyed. The phone interface is a joke. It's slow as hell and really slow in responding. The front-end really needs proper developers. Someone please look into this...	bug report
i really love discord app!!! really do! i just want to request (maybe) about category name. i wish we can actually change its color. huhu. but all in all, it's good! ❤️🤟🏻	feature request
Great for posting information for small or large groups.	irrelevant information
Sometimes I don't receive notifications and miss important conversations with my PTO group. It's hit or miss.	bug report
Back 10 years ago, Skype was the king of communication. Every update since then has made it worse n worse... So many useless features and problems. Servers often disconnect. Many of us who use it send photos of travels and the receiver often doesn't get them. Currently discord is now the better choice. Sort it out Skype... go back to 2000 version please when it was doing what it should be.	bug report
I can't sign into my old account which didn't have a microsoft account associated with it. When I try to use the username it says that the 'email' doesn't exist. I can't access any of my old contacts that I had on it.	bug report
Since last update, cannot use app. All I get when I open it is a message saying: "get a new number" I hit continue & message just refreshes, not allowing me to get a new number. I never got any of the standard notifications that usually remind me to use app before my number expires. Not sure why, exactly but, here we are. I would like the app fixed so I can go back to being able to use it. Thanks.	bug report
Can't get app to download to my phone....not good!!!!	bug report
New update is absolutely awful. Usability has gone down the drain, and all the devs say is "you'll get used to it" in spite of mass user dislike. If you are looking for a ui that makes sense and is easy to use, stick to desktop. This update is terrible.	feature request
Please try to fix it won't tell me when I get my text messages and it won't let see the pictures people send me	bug report
Great whenever it works. ALWAYS have to reset the phone after a call and have not been able to text but 1 time. Locks up all the time. I now have fiberoptic high speed internet and Text Now works very well with all Calling and texting and I have noticed a great improvement over the towers where I have good service/signal. I locked my number for $5.34 a month and will continue to use this app. I would have ad free if it was cheaper than $7.48 a week. I do no mind watching some ad's at this poin	bug report
This is OK	irrelevant information
Great way to stay connected to family.	irrelevant information
Seem to be having trouble receiving vpice calls, I get the voice mail, but the pinger upgrade was supposed to fix issues with not getting voice calls and I see no difference	bug report
good quality	irrelevant information
A group of us from work started a GroupMe account so that we could encourage each other with improving our health and fitness. We post messages and sometimes pictures whenever we exercise. It is motivating to be a part of a group messenger app like this.	irrelevant information
LOVE SKYPE. Am able to speak with my best friend daily and long unseen relatives over a thousand miles away. USUALLY dependable, but annoying when audio and/or visual anomalies occur. Overall just great!	feature request
Good luck being logged in to multiple devices and getting a call.	bug report
Having issues with this app. Not too happy with the fact that I can never receive my incoming calls and also not pleased with the fact that it says all free calls and texts, but that is not true at all. You have to do things in order to get minutes. It's bull.	bug report
month now, not to mention I use it for work. So it's very inconvenient.	feature request
Infinite loading pisses me off	bug report
Works great for me since I'm over seas and don't have international text messaging. Plus you get minutes for low price. Great app besides the random ads but they're not too bad.	irrelevant information
Haven't used very much as of yet. Will update review when done.	irrelevant information
Service sucks,calls don't go through,drops on first ring,and I am literally standing next to wifi router box,and after I paid my yearly fee to keep number,everything went to hell,no ,you don't deserve a different rating like to put (-5)	bug report
The app is not launching even after creating a new account and after trying several times also	bug report
So my friend tried texting me on here but I didn't get any messages from her when it said "sent" I don't care if it takes long to receive I just Want the messages to receive!	bug report
This very helpful for any work.	irrelevant information
the quality of communication was excellent	irrelevant information
Very useful communcation app.great for little leage and reach out to all my parrents.	irrelevant information
Is new to me but I definitely enjoy using this app to share with my friends	irrelevant information
overall, well designed and works great! would love to see more customization and settings. the ability to default to view-once photos would be great, as well as a quicker way to add text to pictures.	feature request
I don't really know how to use it. I don't know how to get a server so I just read the other posts that are on the parts I can click on..	irrelevant information
Nice app only thing imagine upload for adriod could be easier.	feature request
has a lot of adds	irrelevant information
This app messed my entire phone up. It would the screen flash would not let me call or text making my phone shut off and back on also wouldn't let me other apps without flashing a black screen and being crazy do not ever download it	bug report
Mistake #1: Pop up spam for a review. Mistake #2: Doing this in the middle of setting up the app for the first time. ... Enjoy the 1-star rating.	bug report
But takes time to message the verification cide	bug report
I love the instant access to parents with kids in the same class!	irrelevant information
now app have so wrong	bug report
This app often fails. Not a fan. Group text fixes the problems.	bug report
Great 👍experience love it	irrelevant information
Terrible support! Lost my account and send a ticket. Support completely ignored it for a month, then I made another ticket, and it seems like it's going to be ignored once again. They really need to add some humans to support and not just some bots for false hope.	bug report
I have never used this app in my life and right when I go to sign in it says my account is disabled??	bug report
tried to make a number and it didnt allow me too so boo hooo	irrelevant information
it is great for your 12 years old	irrelevant information
Have a tone of fun using discord over past 5 years thanks to discord :)	irrelevant information
I want the old UI back the new one is rubbish	feature request
new ui sucks 🤬🤬🤬	feature request
I paid for the subscription, and I can't text everytime I send out a text. It shows a red exclamation mark	bug report
Great app, with one problem: on my old Samsung Galaxy S3 and my new S5, I frequently won't get any notifications even though I have notifications turned on. Other than this I'd give it a 5/5 but it's kind of a big problem for me.	bug report
I tried the new UI, never again. It is objectively worse than before, with very common functionality being stuck behind 2-3 taps when before it was just one, or just a swipe. Maybe, just maybe, listen to community feedback instead of repeating the same "read the manual nerd" response. People KNOW how to navigate the new app. It's just WORSE.	feature request
Update 1/31/2022: Ever since I activated my new SIM from TextNow, calls are dropped when I am on my WiFi network. It keeps trying to reconnect and I need to hang up my phone. If I turn off WiFi, the mobile LTE network works and call isn't dropped. Way to run up my mobile data usage!! Hopefully this can be fixed. I want to be able to make and receive calls regardless of the network I'm on. I followed SIM activation instructions, so I don't think that is the issue.	bug report
When using Bluetooth headphones/earbuds the audio will play through the phone speaker instead of the Bluetooth device. Has been an issue for quite awhile and still hasnt been fixed Galaxy S21 FE WH-XB900N	bug report
Beware if you install this app and then decide you no longer want it you will never be able to completely get rid of it. This is the app from hell and doesn'tdeserveeven one star! I deleted the app because it was totally useless but that didn't stop the constant emails since then reminding me that the assigned number was going to expire. Removing EVERYTHING regarding this app should happen automatically when the app is deleted!!!!!!	bug report
Always ends my calls	bug report
Don't get it is not the only one who has been in the world.  I mean it is bad	irrelevant information
This used to be a good app, but it is so horrible. Now you're in a call and it cuts you on a call and it cuts you off.	bug report
They have over 27 trackers for this app, will be leaving it soon. They make more off my info than I do this app.	irrelevant information
Great app for communicating with friends, but I have a problem while sorting the roles in my servers. It keeps letting me placed incorrectly where I want it to be. Plus, sometimes the channels' text gets bigger and smaller at the same time. Not to mention, I need to restart the app every time to load the channels.	bug report
Message receiving wndcsending process us little bit slow. Need more to be optimised	bug report
There are other apps little better.	irrelevant information
I am able to talk with my group quickly and easily.	irrelevant information
Pros: Useful, convient and affordable Cons: interups most other apps from operating that use data or wifi when open.	bug report
I would give 5 stars if it still included regular sms. I don't see what was wrong with a messaging app that encrypts when possible. It was an easy sell to people before the change. Please go back.	feature request
Since Aug 2023 update phone locks up after receiving call. Call continues but phone screen is blank and needs to be locked then unlock to be able to do anything else.	bug report
Dislike the new ui, its very hard to navigate all around, should give us optional option to switch back to the old ui.	feature request
Won't dl	bug report
good little app. could be more searchable.	feature request
It keeps crashing when I'm opening the app Edit: I updated the app and it works fine, gj.	bug report
The only issue I'm having with this app is that it has suddenly started to display our full names instead of the nickname that was chosen. It happens every few messages and its annoying.	bug report
Recent updates made it worse. Channels don't show up sometimes and images when uploaded in batches get squished together	bug report
It's not the app. It's my coworkers like to abuse the app	irrelevant information
I made a backup to transfer to new phone... It wants a passphrase that was not required to back up. This must be the most stupid design ever.	bug report
Runs slow . New messages dont pop up	bug report
After i change my phone all contacts are gone.Big trash app.	bug report
When I'm on a call I can't hear them and why does it when you get a message it buzzed twice all the time	bug report
Awesome video calling	irrelevant information
I like it alot, but I sometimes does not receive or send texts And the call is kinda weird	bug report
I mean it's discord, it's better than any other voice service I've used, organization through servers and DMs is simple enough that it's easy to understand, but powerful enough to run servers with thousands of people. If any parents are wondering, it's safe for your kids to use, as long as they are responsible (don't expose personal info, seek out explicit content). Pros: Clean interface Easy 2 use Server-specific names Custom emojis Easy 2 connect ... Cons: Notifs can be unreliable on mobile	irrelevant information
It shuts down and wont let me get messages	bug report
the not getting confirmation codes free sucks but pretty decent for friezzle	bug report
Wont even open anymore	bug report
Can't get on my account keep saying there a problem, I must sign out and try signing in again, can't even get on so imagine to sign out	bug report
Use is for speaking with my church family.	irrelevant information
After the update where you could transfer the call to your PS5 I didn't like it because I have PS4 i wish you guys would also put it for PS4. Overall it's an alright app	feature request
It takes forever for it to load. All it ever says is loading. Once this problem is fixed it'll get 5 stars.	bug report
Can't connect on video call not visible to others.	bug report
The new update has changed/bugged the AMOLED Dark mode it seems? Now it's largely just the normal Dark mode and AMOLED Dark on the menu bar. Hopefully this gets fixed or reverted back.	bug report
I'll tell you this... IS IT WORTH IT? No .. use Instagram if you want to	irrelevant information
This new update looks like it was designed by a five year old child. As a UX designer this app update makes me so mad... How can someon be so bad at their job. And they removed the ability to toggle to the old layout..... Great. Update: nothing has changed....	feature request
Don't ask me for donations if you're not going to continue to support SMS.	irrelevant information
better then expected	irrelevant information
Doesn't work for me and I still have problems with it (edit ok thx I'll try)	bug report
This thing stinks it wouldn't let me call anyone or text anyone	bug report
File download problem.please fix it quickly	bug report
Very effected. When it comes messe ging and calls5	bug report
Everyone says they hear a horrible echo.  Had a phone interview today and the interviewer said she had an echo. Sometimes my calls drop even when I have excellent wifi. Lately I'm not getting people's text messages.  So basically this app is becoming unreliable.	bug report
Overrated	irrelevant information
The only feature I want is switch account! The PC version has it btw the app doesn’t. Switching account is fun and it is really sad that app version doesn’t have this. If you add this feature in the app, you will get 5 stars!	feature request
very good voice feature but not good video quality so i am giving 2 star's	bug report
I like. But, if you like a comment by mistake, you can't remove it.	feature request
The ads are really refocus.and lie on the ads	bug report
I think it is a good app and it lets me sl what i need to do. I feel like every app has its flaws but i am pretty sure the owner could fix these little problems.	irrelevant information
Skype's in-app settings don't say much about audio, but my calls are always very loud. I can never mute them or get them down to a volume that is comfortable, even using external audio managers. Please fix this! I am using a Moto G6 - not sure if this issue would persist in other Android devices.	feature request
Great app but sometimes it glitches so much moreover that nitro thing is so annoying	bug report
it works on Everything really well even chromebook, i cant complain and recommend it	irrelevant information
The app used to work really well, lately I don't get notifications when a new message comes in, unless I physically open the app. So that's why only 🌟 🌟	bug report
Well the new update is a nightmare. I wish I could go back to the standard call look. It's this constant tapping and trying to find tiny disappearing icons to put it on speaker, to mute etc. Why on earth do we need giant colored squares with it pics rather than any access to the tools to manage the call? Ugh awful and so frustrating!	feature request
Am using the app for the first time and it takes forever load and I can't sign in please fix it I urgently need it	bug report
I use Skype to keep in touch with my team and it's crashed too many times in the last week.	bug report
Doesn't hang up or make calls sometimes.	bug report
Heavy application no needed options, like unblur video call	bug report
It's easy to use problem is whenever I try to reset my password nothing ever appears in my email I've tried to reset my passwords almost 10 times already because I really don't remember. I have a work GroupMe that I need to talk with others with and it makes it hard to login.	bug report
it is a good and nice private app more secure 🔐🔐 don't receive bulk massage like other apps I have been using	irrelevant information
It used to Be super efficient but as i updated my pixel to the new os the app is supper jittery the app is not compatible for Android 14 i guess	bug report
Used this app religiously and now looks like i will be abandoning it because it no longer does its core function sending texts amd making calls. Bad call on removing the only thing you do as a message service.	bug report
Slow at times and frequently msgs only comes in when the App is actually opened then all msgs old and new all come at the same time some msgs are even up to a day late/old.	bug report
new layout sucks it's really annoying to navigate and there was nothing bad about the original this used to be five stars the app used to be great and the kicking out of call after 5 minutes is fine if you're screensharing or have you're video on but it is stupid otherwise	bug report
Using & loving Skype for more than a decade. Recently switched to a new phone and noticed that it's not showing new message notification badges. Hence 4*	feature request
Its alr	irrelevant information
I LOVE this app and try to get all my people to use it with me. Their truly encrypted messaging really makes me feel at ease	irrelevant information
App won't let me post pictures in chats anymore. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and I have a good internet connection	bug report
It absolutaly sucks and lags so much it has way to many adds	bug report
Texting is my favorite that's why	irrelevant information
tex now I love it and it's accurate	irrelevant information
The app is trash, ridiculous amount of ads. I bought a data plan to get rid of them, then when the data runs out, they tell me I can't use 2g either and it's been suspended, but they really suspended my whole service, texts and all, all while I'm waiting for calls on jobs. If I could give 0 stars I would.	bug report
Only doing this so y'all leave me alone. I use this for work that's all I use it for. Does it's job great awesome thanks!	irrelevant information
Love it other than the fact I can't upload videos to the chats	feature request
Easy and straight forward giving you the security of privacy	irrelevant information
It wont accept the pin you guys give me i need this resolved so i can start work, please fix.	bug report
New UI is Buggy AF this is my go-to app for games and general communication with my online friends but the new UI is really buggy there are time when it's still showing the same channel that I was in prior to switching. My BIGGEST suggestion to the devs. Start doing Beta test downloads for those that opt-in to testing the UI or any new features with a bug report function. This also applies to the desktop/laptop application. Guarentee that it works good example is Steam.	bug report
Removing sms was such a boneheaded move. It completely removed the main reason to use signal over any other sms app. Now it's just yet another messaging app glutting up the market. Every other messaging app offers end-to-end encryption nowadays, so what's the point of this app now?	feature request
I'm new here but it's been great so far. No complaints! Looking forward to the video call performance tho...so I'll give it a 4-star cuz I haven't explored that yet and I'll be using it a lot in the future Insha Allah.	irrelevant information
it is slowsometimesand it eats up my data	bug report
"Best chat application on mobile that syncs with other devices." This was true. Then they made a UI update that leaves channels up as I navigate between servers. Pulling up messages between people is also broken for the same reason. From what I can tell, if I load into a channel, I'm stuck on that channel. I will be removing a star each time this bug occurs.	bug report
It has lots of issues and when screen is shared sound is not working at all	bug report
Sends my pictures hours later. Recipients are confused, I'm embarrassed. It's just a big mess. Notifications and incoming calls don't notify most of the time. Full page ad blocks what I'm doing and sometimes its difficult to figure out how to get it off. 1/3 page ads are very common and also very annoying. I'm going to try another ap. Update 5/8/23 I don't use this app very much anymore, but it still is very unpredictable and unreliable, especially when sending and receiving pics.	bug report
This app worked fine, but recently I've been unable to call. Or send messages. Our wifi isn't the best, but the app just won't let me video call or send messages. It always just says "cOnNeCtInG..." with the little loading sign thigimie spinning like mad. No. 😶😑😒	bug report
The main reason I give this a 3/5 is because: 1. Even if you're texting someone in your phone list, their name doesn't show on the app even if you have contacts access enabled. 2. No notifications on my Galaxy S8 anymore from this application. Been an issue since two updates ago. I've tried every setting possible and reinstalling the app. Didn't solve it at all.	bug report
Not that good but- it helps-but it's no good	irrelevant information
Would like for the ads to actually go away like it says when you oay to have your number locked/ad free i pay every year and i still have ads that when you try to hit the X it takes you to google play you literally have to exit the app then open it again.	bug report
It makes no sense for the app to send both text messages as well as notifications! This is the most annoying app tho date..	feature request
لا يمكنني الدخول الي البرنامج يظهرلي رساله Oops.there was a problem with Skype . Try singing out and back in 😡	bug report
Very good app they join the friend and fun ☺️☺️	irrelevant information
Tbh I'm kinda disappointed with the new UI update, now I couldn't see the whole member list in every channel by swiping to the left. Hope you guys give easier navigation experience or just rollback the update, cheers.	feature request
I would say this is a good app but it's not letting me sign into my into my account so I'm going to give it a 1 Star 3/9/23 So it works now	bug report
App sometimes shows *nothing* in the call logs. The most common time it won't show your call logs? When you've missed a call. That's not dropping the ball; that's slamming it in your grandmothers grave. Call quality is mostly okay; the amount of issues is equal to that of regular carriers: maybe a dropped call or bad connection once every month or two. Edit: it no longer shows a call log; ever.	bug report
easy to cnnect	irrelevant information
i hate how they keep changing almost everything in the app, its turning into every other boring chatting app. i enjoyed discord bcz of its own oroginal layout and now its changed i rlly despise it lol dont think im gonna keep using this app from now on	feature request
Pay to get verification codes, no f this app...	bug report
MY name is Karon Renee Wilson My experiences while using this app has been wonderful 😊😊😊😊.	irrelevant information
It needs a update can't delete calls every time it do its say a error why trying delete conversation please fits this issue asap	bug report
Appz Bar APPZ Bar(_p)(_br)\\%href~unable laötating appz locale device	bug report
Really enjoyed using signal. The will no longer support SMS come March so anyone I know that doesnt have it can't receive my messages. It's been a good run signal. Time to find a different messaging app.	irrelevant information
I liked the new interface for messaging when using a mobile device	feature request
Awesome app, got more and more laggy with updates, I'd suggest working more on performance, the features are already good	bug report
Sometimes when I look at a channel then discord maybe crashed so then I tried to open it again but it crashed. it was so annoying that I had to install discord again.	bug report
It had all the things needed but the thing lagging was a green screen background	bug report
This app was great the first day i downloaded it but after that now I don't get notifications once I've recieved a text i have to open the app to see if i got anything and only then will i hear the tone of a new message even if it was an hr ago that it was recieved... i went iver the settings but everuthing is the way it should be the notification bar wasn't turned off... disappointed	bug report
This suckssssssss... I have at least three groupme convos going that we use	bug report
Stop changing the UI every two seconds, please. Make the app smoother and make it consume less battery for a change.	feature request
Unusable and buggy garbage! Not sure what has happened to this once amazing app, but now it's impossible to use. As an early adopter I'm so disappointed to see this app is now just filled with unnecessary bloatware, which is clucky at best and unresponsive and constantly hangs at its abject worst! The usability is non-existant. It's really a travesty that Microsoft have been allowed to so hobble this once beloved app, which is now a scammer and sex worker riddled cesspit. Avoid at all costs!	bug report
the app is constantly freezing and its frustrsting because it wont notify me of a text or call until im on the app, or the app eill show i have messages when i dont and if i reload the app the notification wont go away even if its the modt recent message i sent .. plesse fix	bug report
Does not play audio recording just show processing	bug report
Discord is a good app. However, it's too convoluted. Plus, there doesn't seem to be good instructions for new users trying to set the app up for the first time. Streamline the process, and use the KIS method, Keep It Simple. On the plus side, love the fact that I can talk, leave messages, and share my screen with this app. It is a great tool when needing to collaborate with people that are not geographically close.	feature request
So i have this problem when i left a server and i tried to go back it says "the user is banned from thid guild" i contact the owner of the server and they said im not banned at all	bug report
Skype Out broken for a long time. Quality decreased a lot. Paying a lot on	bug report
Won't receive message until hours later or next day	bug report
When the app works its great but constantly voice gets cut off. The person is talking but I can't hear them or they can't hear me. I hope this can be fixed, we never used to have this problem	bug report
Absolute trash update	bug report
Does not respond properly on mobile devices. You can not trust it due to that.. Once you finally able to respond a call - another side already disconnected... Of course you can call back, but.. Not everyone!! You should use another channel for communication......	bug report
Works pretty well for keeping up with group chats. Would be great if we could delete chats instead of just hiding them.	feature request
Good messaging apps, like it. But sadly Installed on my samsung tab s2, and I can't restore purchases emoji..	bug report
half the text don't come threw until a few days later calling don't work all the time half the time it don't even ring just goes straight to voice mail when someone tries to call me .. definitely needs work but other then those two problems happening it's alright.	bug report
of it or freaze up when I'm typing	bug report
U can't call they don't year u plz fix then 5 stars	bug report
This was a great app until the new updates removed sound as a notification option. I had to install an old version to restore that function. It is baffling that removing sound as a notification option seemed like a good idea to the product managers.	feature request
I'm very happy with this app I would shard with friends	irrelevant information
It's not that great because when I press on a contact the app freezes it so ANNOYING I dislike it	bug report
One of the best applications for messaging and sending photos, however sometimes its pretty glitchy.	bug report
Keeps me in touch with my craft group. Don't use the features below	irrelevant information
They really suck bc you can't recess your communication with someone.	irrelevant information
Signal is discontinuing sms support. I don't need a messenger app that doesn't do sms, so I'll be uninstalling Signal.	feature request
New update is horrible. Thought there's something wrong with my phone, but after reading more comments it's clear that it's the app's fault. Why couldn't it stay as it was? Update, Dec.2023 it's gotten way worse, wish i'd never updated it.	bug report
Very useful this software	irrelevant information
Discord if u ip banned me or wtv can u please unbanned me cuz whenever I try to join servers I can't even my friends tried to send me invites but it kept saying invalid invite even tho I'm not banned in their server can u atleast try to help me? I got proofs as pictures please do something about it and tysm	bug report
Since latest updates when status is set invisible every time you	bug report
Seems ok so far, but there's no obvious way to report or block someone, or if there is, I don't know how to get to that screen.... That's not acceptable.... I think I'll delete this app	feature request
This app is GARBAGE! It is so spammy and NOW they have ads that pop up OVER the text entry field so you can't see what you are typing and you can't close it or move it. You have to WAIT for it to disappear RANDOMLY, whenever that MAY BE, and you better be quick because it comes right back! Thimbs down, 100%! If I could give it ZERO stars, or NEGATIVE stars I absolutely would.	bug report
It's real unlike most of these apps😎	irrelevant information
This app has really fallen off a cliff. Now shows me NO notifications ever, even though I've got them enabled everywhere. I'm going to have to delete my account and force folks to reach me by SMS just to be sure I see messages.	bug report
So I received a simcard in the mail and put it in my phone. Everything looked normal except the number that's on the SIM card is different than my number. When I try to call that number it rings once then hangs up.	bug report
There is no reason this app needs all the permission it has	feature request
Helped a lot to talk to friends and meet other people, five stars.	irrelevant information
Good enough for me to make my important phone calls only thing if you don't use it for a bit you lose your phone number that kinda sucks i guess i really don't use it that often as i should to keep my same number. Yeah it's ok everyone I know uses it it's iight :)	irrelevant information
The worst communication app I have ever used. Nothing works properly.	bug report
There is no ringtone during incoming calls. Incoming call notificationis silent I can see someone calling without ringtone. I have checked all the settings and tried selecting different ringtones as well.	bug report
Because of the verification i lost my account give it back or else ima never use it again	bug report
Very much hanging and disturbing whenever there is a call drop u guys never give a rating or feedback option The same problem persisting even after so many updates	bug report
was fun while it lasted... seems like privacy it's not trending anymore.	irrelevant information
To many ads throughout the messages. Try leaving them at the top or bottom.	feature request
It won't open there is to many adds	bug report
Skype is good for calls good for screensharing the thing that bugs me alot is that the app is very slow	bug report
It's changing the number constantly and doesn't let me recieve a single text msg. Terrible app	bug report
Calls cutting automatically many times, it's disturbing us too much	bug report
Disgusting amount of white supremacy and misogyny ive witnessed on the app personally Aside from that, you can make some really good bonds on the app.	irrelevant information
Only problem is a good connection when on phone	bug report
Bro this app is trash you have a limit on text dude fix your app I hate this app do not download this app	bug report
a lot of junk callers	irrelevant information
What a scam. Decided to try this again and still ridiculous. I use it almost daily, yet keep getting messages that due to inactivity I'm going to loose my number? However, if I PAY money, I can keep it. Is that not FRAUD and EXTORTION?! And once again, Google allows it. Why? Does Google receive a percentage? And now some cs rep suggested that the only way they can help, is if I uninstall & reinstall. The problem is on there end not mine. So I filed a complaint for fraud & extortion.	bug report
Hope it gets more popular	irrelevant information
The app is great normally, but recently it keeps struggling to load messages and I can't keep up with chats. It is only discord as every other app works fine and my speed tests are good.	bug report
Its fine i think	irrelevant information
Needs a UI upgrade	feature request
Some time is good connect but some time is really bad for calling.	bug report
Video quality is very nice, though are some color issues. Screen sharing needs a little improvement but still it is good.	feature request
Please add more features like whatsapp	feature request
Because I cannot use it	bug report
Honestly loving it so far but i got raided🗿	irrelevant information
Update: newer skype is designed to make you lose track of messages and	feature request
This is a great tool for class communication	irrelevant information
Small group	irrelevant information
The app needs banking level authentication and the process doesn't work. It gives an unexpected error every time I try to authenticate using text and tells me I have used too many PIN attempts. Why can't I just log in with the correct number and password?	bug report
Been using Discord for years. They are always adding more unnecessary features but occasionally I do appreciate some. However, the Android app in specific always gets UI overhauls for the worse, and the latest update changes the UI to be so terribly designed that it made me want to leave a review simply to capitalize on how much it screams of developers not using their own application. I have a few connections here but unnecessary changes like this made me consider moving on to an alternative.	feature request
The mobile app really likes to think you are in landscape mode. If you try launching the app after a minute of not using it, all of the menus and media are weirdly sized and have most of their actual controls inaccessible.	bug report
It's not letting me recvive messages from only one of my friends today.. I can send her messages but it says she sent me new messages and they're not showing up at all?	bug report
Difficult for me to navigate. Several people have tried to help but I dont understand.	irrelevant information
Great app I really like it's encrypted and private	irrelevant information
Love the new ui but its kinda hard to navigate i had to click every single thinng to go to where i want.. uusuall i just swipe left/right and its right there i hope you'll improve this thanks love discord	feature request
Good app for voice or video calls, I have only one to one experience	irrelevant information
Everything was fine while using this app until my account got suspended for "violating community guidelines". I only use this app for school, my club and to talk to a few friends and club officers. I have no idea how I violated their guidelines and they won't tell me. My friends in all my groups said there was nothing that stood out from what I said. Either it's a bot or someone with malicious intent that reported me. Their communication is slow with little helpful information if at all.	bug report
Ok trying to get this to wk	bug report
The worst ui known to man	feature request
Discord was good, until the new update runnined, it so hard to navigate, discord plese change the ui.	feature request
But now it doesn't.  All it does is whenever I open it, 2-5 seconds later it closes. Not crashes, closes. I'm missing an Android Lenovo. Please reply and fix. Well, other than that it used to work great! I'm keeping the app In case you guys fix it.	bug report
Nice simple Convenient, loved it for years! Keeps me in touch with my group!	irrelevant information
Started off well then suddenly my number changed about 5 x in an hour, said I had no minutes, bought minutes but did not get credit  for them and have been waiting for days for a support response.  UPDATE the problem evidently is my VPN.  My account (IP address) eventually got blocked ... but no notification or email, and took over a week to get a response.  It is a GREAT product ... but it won't work (for long) if you use a VPN.	bug report
Personally, i love the new ui, but there should definitely be an option to turn it off, especially for older users who much prefer the old ui. Also, please add a feature that displays what game you're playing on the status. I'm sure a lot of mobile Discord users would enjoy this new addition.	feature request
I love this app but why is it charging me a fee after a free trial? I thought this app was 100% free?	feature request
I don't know who they've designed this updated UI for, it's awful. I don't even know what problem they were trying to solve by updating the UI when the previous iteration worked fine. For now I've downgraded to Discord 204.18 Stable.	feature request
It keeps disconnecting me without any reason. I hope it gets fixed.	bug report
I love the app but I keep having to Uninstall it and reinstall together it to work	bug report
Notifications do not wirk on windows 10, and on android at times too	bug report
Won't let me remove my signature.... It keeps adding it back and won't even let me change it ..	bug report
On Calls people on the the other end say they can't hear you but you can hear them after the first minute or so of a call. you end up having to yell onto your phone for them to hear you. the text function work fine	bug report
Best app. Easy and seamless to use..	irrelevant information
Easy to use and helps me keep up with what my son is doing in ACE!	irrelevant information
When you set last seen options? Can you tell me?	irrelevant information
Since the past 2 months, I've had to uninstall and reinstall the app constantly, as I cannot get any new messages. The only way I can do it is to reinstall the app. Clearing the cache does not work.	bug report
I Love discord dearly, but the latest update making it look like FB messenger was the worst idea. The icons look like they were designed for children/teens. My app isn't even working properly, I can't send pictures anymore, and I even uninstalled and reinstalled it. Bring back OG discord, please. Don't make me leave!	bug report
1000 perfect kn sending messages wow its sound and good in this sending.messages. thanks Allost perfect	irrelevant information
Please make it work better on old Androids.	feature request
This ab was a disater	bug report
Slow to send on my end even on wifi	bug report
Up until yesterday I knew the person I was sending text to was receiving them and then all of the sudden I would send a text but the person I sent it to wasn't receiving them. I have emailed Support but its still not fixed. I live in a rural area so my phone doesn't get very good reception and absolutely none inside so I use this app. Please fix this problem.	bug report
New UI sucks for navigating on mobile	feature request
I love signal. Great app. Great company. I wish the ui was a bit better.	feature request
Simes lags Nd dropped calls but definitely getting better!	bug report
lots of constant bugs and glitches - not consistent with notifications, random times/days, the app from my laptop won't allow me to add contacts, etc.... would love to be contacted by developers fro assistance and/or a ne wupdate fixing these issues as well as others!!!	bug report
This app used to be really good, but the last three to five-ish big updates made it significantly worse. The app is way laggier, sometimes I need to turn airplane mode on and off again to get it to load, the Username update was poorly rolled out and unwanted(there's already a black market for "good" UNs), and upcoming updates don't look very appealing. Reversing the UN update would be a good place to start, but for now I'm turning updates off. Glad I never got Nitro.	bug report
Awesome thank you so much	irrelevant information
While the new UI is awful, the functionality is what really bugs me. The amount of times I have to force close and re open the app for anything to work is unnacceptable. I could accept a UI change if the rest of the update wasn't half baked.	bug report
Get a lot of drop calls,please send me your phone number so you can explain some of the ways to use this please ,I'm having a lot of problems if I can't get it fiquerd out I will have to cancel so please helpRoberta o	bug report
I like it but please fix it cause i have to keep rephreshing just to get my friends msg.	bug report
Very buggy, slow, and unreliable. It calls, it texts, and sends photos. But to do this comes at a cost. You'll be smacked with ads designed to show up perfectly timed so you click them while typing, the app will slow your entire phone down, and will most likely crash often. If you receive a call I pitty you, because your entire devices will have no clue how to react and freeze completely. Recommended as a last resort.	bug report
Open source, End to end encrypted, Encrypts metadata, Run by a foundation that isnt sold out, Endorced by people like Snowden, Musk and important security experts throughout the globe, Can work as Replacement for the stock messaging app, And a user interface thats easily understood for someone coming from popular messaging apps , signal checks a lot of boxes. All thats left now would be to implement a feature to hide the phone number and find user by ID much the same way you can do in telegram	feature request
This app worked for me for a while but now if I text someone they don't get the message. I asked my mom if she had gotten any messages I sent and she didn't this is really annoying and I hope you can fix it really soon	bug report
Was great before the UI update, but now it really sucks. Bring back the old UI and I'll bump the rating back up.	feature request
I love to be able to speak to all my siblings at the same time. Especially when were planning a party.	feature request
Please change the UI back. Its terrible, confusing, and just makes me so upset. I hate the new update, and you all already changed the usernames which made it worse.	feature request
wont allow call to go through	bug report
Used this app in Europe during a rotation, and never had an issue. Group chats are useful, and I've never had an issue with the app or messaging over WiFi or cell service. Voice and video calls work well.	irrelevant information
HORRIBLE I HATE IT	irrelevant information
No number to call customer service sucks	irrelevant information
Discord is a great program that makes communication all over the world simple. But unless I see a rollback on these AI policies, I will be cutting my Nitro subscription next month.	irrelevant information
Connection needs work	bug report
Humble Signal	irrelevant information
Pretty easy to use and straightforward. Took off stars because it frequently: drops calls, has horrible reception where the other person can't hear or understand me, says I have a missed call when I don't, and a whole host of other issues.	bug report
Great app for groups of Organizations to chat with each other!	irrelevant information
I deleted the app,This app is a serious problem i wish you eill fix it.When registering When i pu the birthdate it wasn't put on the blank so I cant register pls fix it Discord.Inc	bug report
Its alright especially if you do not have a phone service. But poor quality calls and needs a way to earn more minutes.	feature request
Please contribute to my kneed for a vintage antique Lamborghini or Ferrari, a 20/20 Corvette c8 would be a feasible alternative. please contact me	irrelevant information
I need a verification code from YouTube but I need 4.99 a year, as a kid I don't have that kind of money so I don't get that verification code I just want to make better videos and to do that I have to have money witch I don't have, short version, I NEED MONEY FOR BETTER VIDEOS AND TEXTNOW IS KINDA TRASH but overall the quality of the calls and texts are pretty great EDIT: the notification sound is kinda loud when I am wearing headphones	feature request
Keeps giving me notifications that my number is expiring when I in fact send outbound texts almost daily. I don't know if this a glitch or a grab for money, but it's annoying because my number *has not* expired. At this point, it's almost worth it to just pay the cell phone company for a second line so that I don't have to use an app that begs for money everyday. Also, there are unskippable video ads that take up the whole screen. Not worth it!	bug report
Will not let me take pictures or make phone calls without giving permission to this app to store, even though this app does it anyway	bug report
Mobile discord needs a Lil help but it's a good chatting app, just don't encounter any creeps and you're chillin	irrelevant information
New design took 3 stars off of an app that was legendary before. Why do they change something that was already nice. There is no technical adventage to the new wanna be modern layout. I really dislike that change. Atleast give the option to switch back to the old design.	feature request
could use a better ui and able to send long vids with wifi (use it for school)	feature request
this new update is terrible, it's impossible to work with now. Why discord keeps getting updates that don't make it nicer is beyond me. Discord was fine with the past layout, As a person who works easier when things change and is able to change it back willingly. Kindly either change it back to the last layout or give us the option to switch from the old and new update cause this is terrible	feature request
Why does the memory use of this app keep increase almost back up to 100mb again?	bug report
This app is great when it works. Normaly it won't even load on my phone but when it does I love it	bug report
Won't allow me to back out of ads - had to force stop the application to do so.	bug report
Not cool need better service	irrelevant information
The new update has made sending voice notes nearly impossible. If we have to release the rolling press to hit send on a voice message, but releasing the long press also cancels the voice message, no voice message can be sent. How did this get screwed up so bad, it was fine the way it was.	bug report
Great app until they took away my favorite feature. They announced they are removing SMS. I really liked having a secure messaging system and SMS available within a single app. I was able to keep all my conversations in one place. It was great when I had a friend or family who refused to get signal. I don't really plan on using signal anymore without this feature.	feature request
This app is basically a paperweight and serves no function. It doesn't support usernames or VoIP phone numbers, and is soon dropping support for SMS. So what is the point? Is it supposed to be secure? Why not just send an SMS, you already need a phone number yo use the app anyway	bug report
DO NOT INSTALL! Its a great idea for an app, but it made my whole tablet	bug report
It's a good app but the caller I'd is not showing up	bug report
It is very good if you have a iPhone but your friend has a nomile phone	irrelevant information
Great tool to communicate with like minded group of parents & LC.	irrelevant information
Good over all app. It works pretty good and no issues what so ever.	irrelevant information
Its a very good and secure app...🫡	irrelevant information
Horrible App. Horrible Service. Hortible Customer Service. Doesnt notify me of calls 90% of the time just notifies me of missed calls and voicemails. The 10% of the time it does ring and I can see the call I press answer and to accept the call and it Declines the call. I even bought 100 mins to try and resolve this issue. It didnt. Attempted to email customer service 2xs never recieved a reply. i dont even care about a refund I just want to answer this call to give a different app# & delete it	bug report
For some unknown reason when I'm in a voice chat using my earbuds, it will just suddenly switch to using my phone's speaker numerous times. I'm not switching it or anything. It does it on it's own and it'll say I'm still connected through wired earbuds even though it's clearly not. It's been super annoying.	bug report
In general it's ok, but sometimes calls don't come in time, just there are missing call notifications and it annoys by sending push notifications about active call every couple of seconds while I'm in that call.	bug report
I believe that we should have something in the settings menu underneath appearance that allows us to pick between the desktop-esque style and the newer mobile style. Suddenly forcing everyone to use it kinda sucks, since we're having that choice taken from us.	feature request
If you dont got a number heres a way	irrelevant information
provide far superior video quality. Skype calls frequently drop as well.	bug report
Consumes an awful lot of data during video conferences even when my screen is off.	bug report
Why i feel not safe on this apps i saw joining someone here	irrelevant information
Messages not showing on pc even after synchronization	bug report
I think it's Kool to use it for an extra phone number as in emergency wise...if y'all know what I mean.	irrelevant information
After the new update, first chat will goes underneath the main top nav bar. And display around 10% of it's part. Is there any solution	bug report
Constant problems getting it to install, doesn't recognize my information, re entered many times, I have an android, I have messages waiting, can't access them. I did the install/ uninstall routine, no change, any real solutions?	bug report
I would like to say i like the app but i don't like the bot named "Clyde" Me and my girlfriend were in a vc and it kicked us off after 3 minutes when i was alone in call because she was restarting her device. But i think we don't need your data saver bot "clyde" it's our choice to waste our bandwidth... If you have a timer, why would you even create clyde to kick us off after 3 minutes just to save our bandwidths? It's not that necessary...	bug report
I'm supposed in a group on here but can't find it?	bug report
The new UI update is horrible. Sometimes it doesn't even update the "page" when switching channels. It's much more complicated to see the (connected) users on a server.	bug report
it really nice 🙂	irrelevant information
Everytime I try to text someone, the app decides to not show the messages. If I even want to see them I have to uninstall the app, than reinstall it. Please fix this.	bug report
they banned my account for no reason and then kept charging me for a service they wouldn't let me use	bug report
It make vibrations on every new messages. When 80 new messages phone go crazy. Also it vibe on silent mode. Very not comfortable app.	bug report
I'm disappointed that they charge from get a verification code. (Aren't Adds Enough)	feature request
Can't send or see pics sent	bug report
Love the app. Used for years no issues. Upset that it will no longer support SMS on Android. You will have to use a separate app for SMS... You can no longer use it as your main messaging app. Sad that I won't be using this app as often since most of my contacts aren't on this platform. Would have been 5 stars of continuing SMS support	feature request
Completely stopped working on my tablet and both phones	bug report
Nvm, it's getting worst. The app is very unstable, the post button keeps missing, often jumps to different/unrelated pages, and I needed frequently to restart the app bcs of the bugs.	bug report
this app for work and I'm missing messages and important work related	bug report
The New update is awful, the only reason I updated it was because I had to delete my Skype.  Ugh !	feature request
Its a great app but they changed the call feature and not its harder to mute yourself and you can't change it on moblie I liked the old version better since it was easier to navigate	feature request
Its not working to get a code from chat gpt, as it say its a virtual number, How can i use to get a code from chat gpt ?	bug report
Easy to use and navigate, great social organising tool for people who like to meet up in person as well as keeping in touch online.	irrelevant information
Now I can only text those who have Signal, so like 6 people now.	feature request
Notifications have not been working for months. Have to manually enter the	bug report
When you're short on cash, in an emergency life situation, or whatever reason happens you can't afford a phone, this is the best app I've found so far. I didn't give it 5 stars because: My life situation was I got put in jail for 6 months. When I went in, I had all my accounts email, security, state, etc hooked to that phone #.when I got out, sometime during that 6 months TextNow changed it to where you cannot have confirmation numbers sent to you UNLESS YOU PAY.... I cannot recover anything now	bug report
Discord isn't letting me sync my phone number, despite it being my only number and account. This is stupid, but it's functioning perfectly fine otherwise	bug report
I am unable to make whatsapp business account from this number...pls reply why	bug report
Super laggy, takes up a lot of space but atleast you can text instead of no texting at all with my version	bug report
App is silly asf, can't allow you to login back after you've logged out, don't download, worst app ever	bug report
Was 5 stars, but not the entire ui on the phone is terribly clunky, and unintuitive to use. The app was much better when it mirrored the desktop version. Please Give an option to revert it.	feature request
Use to be great but I've watched movies filled out surveys multiple times n my minutes were never put on my account used to love it rethinking using now :(	bug report
Sometimes My text comes the  next.day	bug report
It's okay but sometimes freezes and crashes. Most times it will say that the message can not be sent, and to connect to the internet, I would be on a very good Wi-Fi...  Oh when trying to check my balance on my debit card it's no use	bug report
Have been using this for 5 days now suddenly it stop sending messages and i cant recieve either. Pls i need you to fix this	bug report
The UI was easier to figure out before. Now the app is slow, it looks clunky and messy, and there is no way to change it back to the default set up. I am sick of accidentally dming people when I'm just trying to get back to the servers.	bug report
New subscriber	irrelevant information
Can't even use. It goes to the "Getting Phone Numbers" page and continues to load until it times out.	bug report
Well I was very satisfied with discord Android, since these new update im facing many trouble like now the audio totally trash it keep work on on our voice call speaker so when is actuall call receive its totally mess with it even plugging with earphone couldn't fix that. And second whenever I leave it for sec in background and when I back to it , it takes more than 10 15 to reload everything even I disable all background restrictions for it , in another hand discord desktop is good as it was	bug report
Best app ive ever downloaded it has multiple purposes chatting rping and anything you may want its great for meeting friends and staying in touch with family. I highly recommend downloading	irrelevant information
It's been great for years but, in the past few months, it's periodically stopped giving me notifications for some groups (yes i have them turned on). From the list page I can see the most recent message, but when I open the thread, it won't show the last several and there's a scrolling blue line at the top like it's trying to update but can't. I've had to uninstall and reinstall several times, and many others that I've spoken to have had to do the same.	bug report
Will not allow me to download	bug report
I can't sign up with my email or phone number	bug report
Just as good as Whatsapp. But not that sure it's private.	irrelevant information
Right now the app wants to show the same message from one channel to all the other channels and I have to reboot my ph to make it work properly.	bug report
Good app smooth experience	irrelevant information
Using it 15 years!	irrelevant information
Gross Pervy messages	irrelevant information
App is very fast some days, other days it annoyingly slow.	bug report
imagine ruining a perfectly functioning ui	bug report
I really like this app I think it might be better than Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp however the reason I gave it four stars instead of five I have an issue of scrolling through the Emojis on my LG Stylo 4 running Android 8.1 Oreo it lags pretty bad	bug report
This app helps us to create and join many groups of our subjects such as Math, Writing,... for studying and sharing.	irrelevant information
cluttered with group chats (new additions everytine you add people to your	feature request
Always lagging, my calls get dropped randomly while both participants are there, calls are laggy and audio often cuts out, the new layout sucks and keeps doubling servers over each other. All around bring back the old layout	bug report
supposed to be used for. Sometimes the small window with their facecam wont	bug report
Not a fan.... i can send but not receive pictures from anyone.	bug report
i spend way too much time on here but I also have alot if new friends 💀👍	irrelevant information
This app has been crucial during the *hungry times hn building this company. I couldn't always pay my phone service tab. text now allowed me to keep my doors 🚪 and and to stay operational. I highly recommend text now to those about to rock!	irrelevant information
I'm only just discovering this cord.. ..so i can't really give any informative remarks..yet...	irrelevant information
This app started off good but the new updates keep getting more cancerous	bug report
I never know when I have message... Fix this and you will get 5 stars	bug report
hate the new UI. difficult to navigate and work. I liked the mobile app before but now I've resorted to only using desktop.	feature request
good for a big group!	irrelevant information
I nolonger are getting notifications. It keeps letting my phone locks and if it locks sometimes it ends the call	bug report
the voice recordings sound very bad 😭	bug report
Good! Just need to be able to delete old conversations and search conversations. I have had a glitch for a while that causes me not to be able to post or edit calendar events or poll questions. How can this be fixed?	feature request
As far as i kno i receive most of my texts when im connected to wi-fi, calling isn't the best tho. All in all its a pretty alright app.!	irrelevant information
It's been fine by me as long as they don't sell out like wickr	irrelevant information
Its ok kinda made my phone slow. Even got a notification about it	bug report
Its good and very direct.	irrelevant information
very good app and also very optimized on Pc but I can't say the same for android or phones in general that's why the 4 stars	feature request
It made me very angry my screen kept freezing and there were so many ads	bug report
Caller can't. Hear. The calls are low on tablets	bug report
Have to Uninstall to reinstall to work, no text channels popped up twice since update.	bug report
I didn't like the app because if you pay attention when you turn the volume up their is two volume controls and I felt like I was being listened to! And also all my apps got changed!! I never had a problem with my phone until I installed this app!!.	irrelevant information
It's a whole bunch of Bull 💩💩💩	irrelevant information
Why do I need to buy an upgrade to receive messages and verification texts?	feature request
I got a number from a known prostitute sting Google the number I got it comes up with a call girl service	irrelevant information
Was nice when it let me text everyone. Now they killed sms so no point in having multiple text aps.	feature request
updates get more worst and worst, want the old discord back. five years of muscle memories gone. its so hard to navigate now.	feature request
Sound cuts in and out and very patchy and can't hear anything on alot of calls	bug report
Need to make purchases	irrelevant information
The app is very good and almost reliable as the pc version. There are a few flaws tho. For example when i play games that consume RAM while on a voice call. Discord shuts down. If only you can optimize it to be a little more small.	bug report
Can you please make a ad free pro version?  I would gladly pay for it.	feature request
Like many have said, the arbitrary decision to remove support for mms/sms forced me to move to a different app, after using Signal from the very beginning. It was difficult to do, and moving 7GB of messages proved to be a major challenge. Wish the devs would reverse course and provide support for older technologies or, adopt RCS. Sad day	feature request
Revert the ui. This new one is dogshit. What was the goal here? To confuse your userbase? What a joke.	feature request
Constantly force closes when added to new groups or opening a new post.	bug report
I have been a Skype user for more than 10 years. And December 27th, 13 days after paying a year family 365 subscription, Microsoft locked my account. Took me a month and dozens of useless conversations and guess what? No explanations, no refunds and all personal and business chats and data are gone! Be mindful when using Skype.	bug report
No Words Just Love This App 😍	irrelevant information
The text messages are straight   just text and make mess. Drive and text just don't run me off the road.	irrelevant information
Oh k yeah I love it text	irrelevant information
On this latest update on this mobile app, we have: unable to expand blocked messages! Either fix this bug or fix your block system, whereas we should be able to block their ability to send DMs but we can still see their messages on mutual servers.	bug report
Its really good for quility	irrelevant information
It's nice for online classes	irrelevant information
Its a cool FREE app just WAY TO MANY ADS!	irrelevant information
I rate this app a three because the contence is very good but sometime you may acsedently call a stranger. So be careful if u want to download it I recomend u asking an adult but this app is very good other than that.	irrelevant information
Has been crashing for a week now every single time you try to open a message thread.	bug report
My boss makes me get it. I think it's a Microsoft Company	irrelevant information
Extremely useful but you can't check your voicemail without paying and i wish I'd known that before using the phone#.	feature request
After a while it stops sending me notifications	bug report
I don't always receive texts but other that that I really do like this app please fix the problem with not receiving texts and I with give five stars	bug report
Its good but when I get a text it send 10 to 15 min late:( it can get very annoying!! Always get my texts back late	bug report
I loved this app until it took my phone number away that I've been using for over a year. It wasn't because I didn't use it either. I was just talking on the phone using this app & when I hung up, it said I lost my number & needed to pick a new one. I'm very pissed!!! I've had this number 4-EVER!!	bug report
Very hard to hear the other end	bug report
This app used to be awesomee for a free (WiFi based) phone. I uninstalled last September and finally reinstalled it the end of April. Trying to text with this app is horrible now. I don't know what happened, but when texting an app box will pop up and cover the bottom part of your text, where you can't see the cursor/the words you're typing. Being free I know there will be ads....but seriously, did you guys really have to place the ad blocks over the texting area? That is very frustrating!	bug report
I have found a bug, where it doesn't let you in the Voice Channels, please fix this!	bug report
When people send me messages i dont get them until hours later	bug report
It's very convient and quick. Most people that I know have Discod and they love it. Some of the servers that you can join have some very funny people in them. One thing though, if you join a big server with a lot of people in it, you might get a message from a scammer.	irrelevant information
Won't allow me to send pics anymore. It keeps saying only send to US numbers.	bug report
There is no way to stop the spam. I've been getting a couple messages every minute. The app is unusable.	bug report
access to the email address I first registered with 3_consider I lost	bug report
some the update, the so doesn't show up on my phone and i actually have to go into Google play and search for the so to open it.	bug report
I Like It. I Do , But I Dont Like How I Got Too Close Out Of My Games Too Respond Too A Text . Reply Too Notification? THAT WOULD BE AMAZING.	feature request
Had to bump down to 3 sadly... The constant updates and changes to the UI keeps throwing me off, plus it's a hassle trying to get space to afford the update since the app will be fine one day and will not let me use the app unless I update. Would be more bearable if updates were kept ince every 6 months. Keep 👏 the UI 👏 consisstent! Or make it an option to have different UI formats.	feature request
No chrome notifications	bug report
Using it, then it suddenly drops connection and I can't log in anymore	bug report
This app is wonderful and really good. I use it in my everyday life. But the new UI update is really bad. It's hard to manage around the app and it seems as if it's more clogged than before. It's really hard to go through the app, and overall the UI looks horrible.	feature request
I am just learning this app out for right now.	irrelevant information
Istg i love discord and it made me have so much friends but there's still one big issue and that is that whenever i report that this person is abusing or report a server discord doesn't do anything about it like ikr if you're broke just say that (give me free yearly nitro or gay)	feature request
Ok app but can't recieve short code texts. Gladly pay for that	bug report
This new UI is trash	feature request
I have had an online number for years, but recently calls only show up in history. No real ability to receive calls.	bug report
VoIP is working fine now	irrelevant information
I was charge for an yearly subscription unauthorized	bug report
Use it everyday, but the new updates create a lot of lag when selecting servers, channels and typing. There are also bugs sometimes when starting discord, and the whole app bugs and only shows one channel. It's becoming overcomplicated, simplicity in an app like this is what's needed.	bug report
Great Service Love It!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️	irrelevant information
It seems that notifications do not stay on screen. Which means if you miss a call/message you have no idea there was one. I have it set to have a lock-screen pop-up, and a banner icon and they disappear. They should stay present until dismissed like every other message app.	bug report
Wish it didn't bog down my phone with stupid advertising and take a million light years to open any message. Also to then be tricked into acci	bug report
What Mave said. It USED TO be a great app. Now I constantly have to restart: only see a thin line pop up when I click to answer, search function for emojis same. Sometimes all chats and servers disappear. Not seeing messages even tho pop up showed them / not seeing messages I send (like chat isn't refreshing). And yeah.... Voice chat? I don't know why discord has such a problem when I use a (and I tried several) Bluetooth headset	bug report
I hate the new layout, please change back the old layout. The new one is too clunky and it looks scattered.	feature request
The update absolutely ruined it to the point im not even using it anymore	bug report
The worst version of skype ever come across !!	bug report
Was so much better before Microsoft bought it and tried to make it another Facebook. Now the unwanted and extremely intrusive "bing bot" that keeps coming back every time it's deleted is the final straw. I've blocked it as spam (because it is) for now, but if it comes back again, this will be down to a one-star review and I'll stop using Skype.	feature request
Since the most recent update pictures can not be shared now please fix this	bug report
App is great to use as a second line or when your service is shut off, you can have a text now number that is usable as long as you have WiFi. Just make sure you have a good signal or it won't allow you to make/receive calls. Texts seem to come in no matter what. Calls are a bit more unpredictable.	feature request
New UI is just annoying.	feature request
New user interface is actually garbage and runs into problems considerably more often than the old one	bug report
I do say, it's annoying when its comes to the mark everytime I text someone I have to remove it, so I dont be more weirder than the usual.	irrelevant information
Love the multi-way call function of Skype, it's a feature that other video	feature request
after creating the acount they say that i could not rejister😠😠😠😠😡😡😡	bug report
Pros: You can tag people You can share images or create memes in the app. You can make multiple groups so you can talk to a smaller group without spamming the whole ie. All family vs family within the same state. Cons: Notifications rarely work so I have to remember to check it daily and often miss direct questions cause it doesnt tell me when someone else posts or tags me None contacts can message (spam) you and there is no way to delete or decline the chat so they can clog your chat list	bug report
It took me a little bit to figure out how to use it.	irrelevant information
Discord crashes unexpectedly every time I try to boost my server from my android phone... please fix this :(	bug report
They need to update the app. Massive lag between selecting an option and doing.	bug report
I have been having so many issues. I keep getting the glitch. This is the 2nd time in 2 days	bug report
i love this app since it lets me talk to my friends without giving my phone number out to people i barely know that much but this recent update with the ui change and everything has made it dang near impossible to use	feature request
to use. If i use camera to vidcall i wont be able to see the chat but when	feature request
They do have their bugs but I still love everything this app has to offer. I enjoy using this app for socializing, etc.	irrelevant information
During most all calls incoming/outgoing the quality of service is the lowest to sporadic to nearly nonexistent..I mean the Best Rate I can give the quality of Service I have been getting through this text free app is a 2 outta a possible 0-10 & 10 being the highest...Mainly due to the fact that During every call incoming or outgoing after about 5-10 minutes of Reasonably Clear Service after those few minutes the person your speaking to can no longer hear you but you hear them!!! It's frustratin	bug report
To me is always on time when I need to make a important call	irrelevant information
I had some difficulties signing up through the app, but I managed to create an account and choose a phone number on the textnow website. I tried calling a friend without using wifi, and it worked. I decided to lock the number, which is a great price. The rating went from 0 to 5/5.	irrelevant information
Deletes account automatically and unprovoked.	bug report
it's slow and it sucks the only reason why I'm responding is cuz it won't f****** go away	bug report
discord is money hungry and isnt afraid to strip down the user experience infinitely if it makes them more money, it has only gotten worse with time. use any other chatting platform discord actively hates its userbase and refuses to listen to any of our critisism	feature request
pretty good so far! just started using the app there is slight complications with my phone effecting the app but overall good app.	irrelevant information
Nuke SMS but add Snapchat? This app is losing its identity. Stupid.	feature request
Please fix this app so it stops dropping calls.I use this to talk to my doctor's and it always drops my calls	bug report
I've got this message "user is banned from this guild" I was confused and thought I was banned from my friends server by accident, I tried entering the link in my alt and then it said user is banned from this guild. Please fix this discord 🙏 (User:highping.exe)	bug report
Never open screen stay black maybe my phone	bug report
I don't even see the list of servers anymore. I'm stuck on the same server since the last update.	bug report
WASNT TO THRILLED! UNAUTHORIZED airdropping of some sort through masked as Botox commercial.Thid file wouldn't open nor can be removed.P.S. I can't view develo4	bug report
Befor this update, almost everything was good, would have given 5 starts. But the new ui... It is not Discord! The DMs look like Messenger, and the "swipe left to view members" thing is gone, and thus the signature Discord look that was near perfect is destroyed. The app now looks like any generic chat app. As mentioned before, the DMs look like Messenger, and I use Discord so I don't have to use Meta's stuff. 2/5	feature request
As soon as I created an account I got suspended???	bug report
an @ or dm. Whats the point.	irrelevant information
Im not sure why when someone calls me it doesnt pop then it says missed call.	bug report
I'm hoping somebody will join me	irrelevant information
This is the best app I've ever used for when I would have no phone service text now was always there with my same phone number and all my contacts. The only problem was I would have almost full wifi and there would be a problem with the calls. Either couldn't hear me or dropped outta no where even if I had 2 bars or 3 of wifi but some times it wasn't the app with the problem it was the weak wifi. Hey free service and now .99 cent service I think that's pretty awesome to me.	feature request
I paid for almost 200 minutes that I had removed then was banned after I complained about them taking them	bug report
Have used signal for years and loved every bit of it, but now with plans to drop SMS support the app will be almost entirely useless for me. It was easy to get non-tech savy family and friends to use it, since it was the only app they needed, but why would anyone want to have to juggle more than one messaging app? I hope they listen to the feedback and revert this decision, but if it goes tbrough, I simply can't recommend Signal to anyone.	feature request
Terrible ever changing user interface. Typical MS making easy things	bug report
It doesn't always push notifications (they're on) and I don't receive all messages in our server. So messages are missing in mine, that others receive. I only use one server to community with 3 others, so it's not a big group.	bug report
Was a great app for connecting with friends and playing games before the mobile update. Things are clunky, and it's rather inconvenient to use. Traveling between messages and group chats is weird. You can easily and accidentally go places you don't want to, and it's just not good. Please remove this update from mobile.	bug report
I'm still waiting.	irrelevant information
It's telling me it needs a update I'm using the old version but it won't give me the option to update the app	bug report
Stable, lightweight, safe, good track-record. What else could you wish for?	irrelevant information
Calling is wonderful	irrelevant information
Crashes every time I get on and screen goes black.	bug report
Well it wasn't the best	irrelevant information
Too many ads like every 5 seconds and it glitches sometimes so yeah it's a three	bug report
so since you have not been responding for such a long time now, you don't seem to care much about your users(?) - and now you're going to kill sms support too? what have you become	feature request
It was pretty great before the update. Now it takes about 1/2 a hour to load. Please fix!!	bug report
Cant send sms, but also cant run without sms	bug report
Can hear clearly but sometimes the screen because blurry	bug report
It's really nice having a private chat group to communicate. We use it for our individual church groups we have. Works great!	irrelevant information
Works pretty decent,  just dont work so well with older phones. But i would recommend it..... i recently changed the 4 star i gave them to two stars because i keep getn spammed to rate the app even tho i already did.	feature request
New appearance and layout is horrendous bro. I will continue to use it only because it's what all of my friends use but nitro is definitely getting cancelled.	feature request
My dad used this when he had a tablet? When I go to sign in it said "An error occurred. Plesse try again" Help?	bug report
There is a bug it won't let me in unless I click on a notification	bug report
To many women asking for. Money and Steam Card's and Gift Card's and trying to bribe for $5000 Dollar's	irrelevant information
The fact i cannot remove this.... says it all	bug report
I don't like the ui and the servers are bad, me and my friends will use any other way to communicate before we will use discord.	feature request
Get rid of the ads ots ridiculous ad ad ad give it up.	irrelevant information
Ever since the latest update new messages in app appear cut off. If I use the web browser version it shows the complete message. So weird.	bug report
Some bug with Samsung a54, Android 13. After human check, it rolls back to enter phone number screen...	bug report
Need multiple accounts switching option	feature request
Can't all chat clear in one click l.. please improve...	feature request
I've had group me for two years and it suddenly crashes and I can't get back in any of my groups so please fix this.	bug report
reinstalled the app several times. It's very frustrating. I hate it.	bug report
Discord is obviously a good and popular app, but on android its been a pretty bumpy road, ever since they merged with the apple version it seems as if there are new glitches and issues every week and every update serves to hurt the experience, so many issues to list but one I got recently is that if I leave the app and come back messages dont load sometimes and i have to close it all the way out, another is that sometimes it just stops me from scrolling up or down in the middle of the chat log.	bug report
i love the app but can someone please tell me why 70%of the time i get a notification when someone messages and 30%of the time i do not.... it's annoying, people think im ignoring then when actually i just didn't get a notification and don't see a message UNTIL i open the app. So what's the problem now discord?! I open the app and nothing shows up. It was working fine until your newest update.	bug report
Great for company chat.	irrelevant information
Very slow at connecting with people	bug report
Fix you text app it's not letting me face time or call	bug report
Verification number doesnt send	bug report
Most everyone has it, but it regularly crashes, freezes, doesnt notify you, or just straight up wont load the chat	bug report
Not sure I have not tried it yet This will be my first time too try it out , but lots of my friends are recommending it to me,	irrelevant information
It isnt FREE $4.99 @ a Month!	irrelevant information
The discontinuation of SMS was the beginning of the end for Signal because a separate SMS app is required until 100% of all messages are on Signal - a day that will never arrive. It used to be easy for others to switch to Signal because they gained privacy with a growing group of users without the inconvenience of two (or more) messaging Apps. I hope SMS is added back before Signal ceases to exist.	feature request
hasnt been letting me make calls and fails to send txt a lot.	bug report
Frustrating app. Someone calls but by the time yout answer ir head ashtray cut off. I will ditch skype soon if they do not sort it out...	bug report
Deleting due to loss of SMS compatibility. Very disappointing because this app was fantastic.	feature request
it's good but there are adds rated 4	irrelevant information
Really great app! That was until the announcement of dropping sms. That function was part of what made this app desirable. I hope Signal will reconsider and allow sms.	feature request
11 july update makes it impossible to open servers on mobile :( app instantly crashes. hoping for a fix soon!	bug report
Something wrong with this app. i m using for long time. The power consumption is abnormal. Can suck the battery in 4h. 9% today. It sounds bad..hope a new private messenger because this one cannot be trusted anymore for high level of privacy	bug report
Finally got it working	bug report
It's not free you gotta pay, trust me. They say is it's is but its not.	irrelevant information
HATE IT! Would love to delete this app if I didn't need it.. Horrible design.. Big and bulky app.. No notification without being on the app and even though in signed in it always shows me as offline I miss all call even when I'm on the app.. I need the old version back! It's the only way I can speak to my family face to face as they live hundreds of miles away from me..	bug report
Change the name. The *APP* is free, but in order to use it AT ALL you have to buy the sub.	feature request
Today Skype chats aren't right. The search bar cuts off my top chat when in my chat list. Also calls keep disconnecting and don't work with some games despite discord working perfectly.	bug report
Discord was my most used app. It was slick and filled with great functionality. It still has a lot of functionality, but lost it's slick part. It's sluggish, it crashes, it's slow, and unfortunately, the UI/UX decisions are not comfortable. Aside from the obvious downgrade that it's no longer in parity with the PC design, the new layout isn't intuitive. And look at the date of the review, I took my sweet time to understand and try to learn it. It didn't work.	bug report
I love you. Keep the good work up beautiful people. Live to love , love to live 😍 Jesus loves you, and you love Jesus !!	irrelevant information
Superbly	irrelevant information
Would be nice the app would avoid continuous nagging (notifications) with irrelevant content about additional features (mostly irrelevant like possibility to change colors or discuss with Bing...). Honestly keep it simple and quite. If it has to become an other social media platform, we already have far too many.	feature request
They are changing the app to only work if the person you're texting also has the app. I can't make people use it. That's a huge problem for me. Will be uninstalling.	bug report
Great app, just a massive shame the dev team constantly break previous updates added content every update. I liked being able to use those super reacts I paid for, and when the server profiles worked without random bugs, and when spoiler tags weren't randomly disabled client-side on mobile for no reason Honestly rather sad, it almost feels like they use mobile as a test bed As long as you can deal with stuff randomly not working and the search function being made basically useless, you're golden	bug report
Great way to communicate with teams and families	irrelevant information
One starring it for the absolutely backwards decision to upend how 99% of us got people to use Signal, by having them replace their SMS app with it.	feature request
This is my first sm and I do not regret it	irrelevant information
my contacts can not call me it goes straight to voicemail but overall it is a good straight forward app	bug report
There are still some annoying bugs on Android, like not being able to listen to long voice messages, hold to record dialog image floating around over the app, and random crashes, but overall the app works and provides a great communication experience for all.	bug report
I can no longer make calls and when I do all it does is freeze up or it will ring Non-Stop and never start a call. Ever since this last update I can not keep in contact with my husband or my family. This is terrible....	bug report
Sometimes when I go to send a message I have to wait for the send button to appear	bug report
Wow nice apps 😘😘😘😘😘😘	irrelevant information
Awful user experience after new layout change	feature request
Not good enough	irrelevant information
There's not really a whole lot that separates it from Facebook messenger or Hangouts. It needs features that make it unique.	feature request
cool but needs to be worked on during long distance video calls	bug report
I prefer telegram x but sign as l I'd 2nd	irrelevant information
It's nice app but I got resounding when I talk to another players	bug report
it's reliable for video calling	irrelevant information
voice messages won't send even after i release	bug report
One small feature that is a must is a no reply option.	feature request
Mostly good, only thing that gets me is replying to a message while not in the chat in the app. Notification bar replies don't fully send for me. But then that i enjoy it.	bug report
Easy to communicate with your love ones near and far	irrelevant information
I hate this app and sweden. I love my islam	irrelevant information
No notifications on Galaxy watch 4	bug report
This app was better then "TeamSpeak" now its trash . If I join a server with alot of bots I cant use any of them . I cant scroll sideways on bot icons just scrolls my screen sideways to users on the right . 2 years ago this app was awesome now its dog poo Pretty soon this app will be abandoned by the people. We will find a better app. Thanks for your time	bug report
How do I stop Discord mobile from auto-rotating?	feature request
Great experience , l live in Wales , I call my friends in Usa and Canada , I can hear them clearly I recommend signal specially for international calls.	irrelevant information
Laggy, buggy, outdated, and mobile is even more lame. Go to discord	bug report
Not able to update my information and receive messages. I've tried to delete my account and start a new one with new information but keeps old information.	bug report
Love this app dont get me wrong but the crazy bugs lately after they are changing things around like the quick reply is super annoying when im trying to swipe all the way left to look at peoples user names really quickly i dont like the new quick reply and my emoji, gif, and sticker bar is permanently a disgusting green color its weird and freaky	feature request
The App is ok ok , as it doesn't notify me even when the notifications are turned on from both phone setting and App settings . 😡😠	bug report
Very helpful because I couldn't get group texts well any other way	irrelevant information
This app is awful it always freeze when you first get it my brother tried to call his friend and it just keep on glitch I would not let this app😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😠😡😠😡😠😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😡😠😡😠😠😡😠😠😡😠😡😠such a bad app😠😡😠	bug report
Easy to get and use love having a alternative way to connect with people 😀	irrelevant information
Trash!!!!!!	irrelevant information
Used up all my data in 2 days! (Background ) Had this for a few months and it never happened before....must be something new... will prob be looking for another app	bug report
I open the signal with my us number and u can't message anybody pls help me to find solutions	bug report
Does not let me into the group chat for my job. I have Uninstalled it, reinstalled and it still won't find the group. The manager has sent me the link several times and it still says there is no group. I am the only one not in the chats 😡	bug report
I updated the app. It says "pull down to refresh your groups" I did but it keeps spinning! How am I supposed to keep in touch with my groups if I can't see any of them?!	bug report
Removing SMS support is a terrible blow to this otherwise excellent app. I understand the reasons given by the Signal team, but I disagree with them. Providing a safer alternative to SMS was a huge part of what made Signal valuable to me. I hope the team decides to roll back this decision.	feature request
It doesn't update real time. Both mobile and desktop applications 🤦	bug report
Generally works very well	irrelevant information
No one really using it. So pointless.	irrelevant information
Bad app for any use it is half done needs real brain to rework and do the job right. Disconnect issues ,it will mute you at will it distorted voices when anyone talks. Just takes over phone you don't hear the incoming call my rating it's trash.	bug report
Good applications becos Ican call my friends and watching YouTube.......	irrelevant information
It's a nice app but it's getting kinda boring now these days	irrelevant information
left unread it stays there not matter what even if I already reinstalled	bug report
App keeps stopping on old devices, fix this	bug report
Your app is good for calling but when it comes to texting....why can't I see what other people send me? I would really like a answer please and thank you.	feature request
Sign-in problem is there I put the correct password also it's showing wrong password	bug report
Its nice to have another line so mot many people have it the only ones you want to have it	irrelevant information
Ads taking over phone	irrelevant information
There are several issues going on here. First would be that the app barley runs in the first place, 9 times out of 10 always crashes and your forced to restart it. And when it does work you only have a few seconds of freedom before lag forcibly takes over, usually resulting in another crash. Second will be the fact that voice chat doesn't even work anymore. Everytime I join one it keeps disconnecting and reconnecting me with the chat, resulting in no one being able to hear you at all	bug report
Practical and fun way to communicate! 🙂	irrelevant information
I paid for the $4.99 to lock in my number so I can receive codes and I was highly disappointed. Additionally I asked for a refund because I can't use the service for what I purchased it for and have not been able to contact customer service. Text now is also very choppy even on WiFi with a good connection.	bug report
So, I used to have a discord account, but after some time, I deleted the app. Now, when I try to log back in, it doesn't let me. This makes me so mad, and I would honestly rate 0 stars if I could. DON'T DELETE THE APP UNTIL YOU DELETE YOUR DISCORD ACCOUNT Response: I have tried both of those and neither have worked. Your solution to an issue caused by deleting the app is for me to delete it again? That got me into this mess, why would it fix it?	bug report
It had its problems since that ominous update in summer but now I gotta restart the app every 10minutes because there will always be something that will just never load.	bug report
Does just what I want and need it for. When I have wi-fi access only, I can make calls and send text messages to anyone while I'm online.	irrelevant information
Just starting	irrelevant information
You haft to pay so if yup have no money dont get this	irrelevant information
It's ok. On some Android phones it's quite buggy or not working at all. iPhones fail miserably as well.	bug report
It's safe, secured, and very easy to use.. It's private...!!	irrelevant information
Doesn't work at all .... after activated	bug report
My expirience with discord is amazing u would defimetly advice u to use it.	irrelevant information
Is it good	irrelevant information
Never received my sim card that I paid for.	bug report
It really is fantastic for me to be able to reach out to friends around the world. With the app, it feels like they are in my living room with me.	irrelevant information
vary slow.. sms slowly send hoy & img late 21 hours	bug report
things and go places,not mess around trying to work with this online	irrelevant information
It's ok! 👍🏻	irrelevant information
It's slow or as gamers say its leggy	bug report
Poor,lagging support from technical updates etc. being forgotten in advancement,left to scramble to keep status quo,but potentially positive to real production.	bug report
Great APP that keeps you constantly in the loop. I am still exploring features.	irrelevant information
Good as can be	irrelevant information
Still requires phone number. Not open source. Has not been audited in years. There is absolutely no proof that this app is secure. No warrant canary. Nothing. They make excuses as to why they want personal data. Guaranteed this has a backdoor.	irrelevant information
it could be better but it'll do	irrelevant information
This app good and bad make my payment for the year wake up this morning to see I'm kick out of my account people be careful these app lack of trust	bug report
I love the fact that I can text and call for free. Very smart idea to make suck an app and I support it 100%, although, the calling sucks. Great app overall, but I have enough minutes to make a call but when I hit the call button it makes a tooot tooot tooot noise and then it goes to my home screen.	bug report
Cool but just too many ads on it	irrelevant information
Always works when was out of my phone plan as long as hooked up to wifi	irrelevant information
Can we stop changing the layout so often I keep losing where things are.	feature request
Wish it had the option to post a voice message.	feature request
The new update is disappointing. The original layout was fine, and even better than the new layout. I'll change my review if the layout is changed, or at least back to normal.	feature request
If you need a phone number for any reason, I would recomend this app. But I am only giving it 2 stars because it requires you to text someone all the time or else it basically deletes your account.	feature request
It was very awesome. Now it is not good. I have to force close the app to change channels. Fire whoever pushed this update and go back to the previous build. I can't start a new channel in a new category until I make the thing and then go back.	bug report
Free trial is great	irrelevant information
Great app , easy to use and connect with peoplr	irrelevant information
Very easy to use. Works well with various groups.	irrelevant information
Need to more update more then WhataApp	irrelevant information
This was a very good app, but I hate the new layout and wish there were an option to change it back. Nobody asked for a change and nobody likes it. I'm surprised you haven't already changed it due to how far the app's rating has dropped. The app's drop in rating proves how nobody supports this change, yet you still won't budge. At least now I havr something to complain about in my school's newsletter. Until it is changed, this review will remain at one star.	feature request
The app used to work well. Now I have to download it every time I want to use it. It works once then the second time I try to open it, it shows the Skype logo, then disappear.	bug report
It's a good app, but I don't like the new username feature, like, you can't even use fonts, emojis or anything interesting for your username, and some people including me don't even have it yet, I'll admit, it'll be easier to work with since you don't have to remember everyones # at the end of the name, but atleast let us make our username interesting, me and my friend have been trying to think of users for HOURS because we can't use our old ones.	feature request
EDIT: Signal has dropped support for SMS messaging meaning you can't use it for people who aren't also using Signal. Dumbest move ever. Don't bother with this one anymore.	irrelevant information
Won't let me post a 25MB video on any level 3 bossted server. (Mobile issue)	bug report
that I don't like this version.	irrelevant information
I loved using this app but lately I haven't been getting  any notifications. I have to manually go to the app and refresh so that I can see if I got any texts. This is really disappointing. Please fix soon so that I can give this app more stars!	bug report
The calling never works	bug report
Loved it in apple.  Android seems to have notification issues.   The app doesn't show when there are messages and the icon up top only shows if others aren't. ...	bug report
I love it Please forgive me 🙏	irrelevant information
good for now	irrelevant information
People call and it doesn't ring just comes up missed call. Use it only when out of service to text but other than that wouldn't offer to anyone.	bug report
When it's working it's great, but it quits on me way too often and I end up missing important messages.	bug report
Got my new numbet fast and it works!	irrelevant information
Became less gamer friendly and went corporate to cater the mainstream(no problem with that) but the app is less fun than what it used to. Removed the user fun tooltips and reverted to dumb repetitive "tips". And now they want the usernames to be like twitter removing the app identity and feels like any other messaging apps with a little bit more feature.	feature request
Can't use for apps that require phone number unless you pay.	bug report
This app echos the person I'm speaking with.	bug report
Switched phones and forgot password ans doesn't send me the link to change it. Please fix ASAP I need to keep up with updates in my group!	bug report
Change it back, why did you turn something good into a worse user experience?	feature request
The new update is awful and even worse for some reason it caused my nitro to stop working even though I payed for this month, it says I'm subscribed but it doesn't show up on Google play and even doesn't work.	bug report
I like the app...but it wont send pics sooo = ★★	bug report
Its good from my perspective	irrelevant information
I got a new phone when I tried to log onto the app it said they would send me a confirmation number it's been 4 weeks they still haven't sent me a confirmation I'm very disappointed in it	bug report
Takes my money but the app does not update your credit. So you end up unable to make any calls.	bug report
It's a good app. It has great security. High speed, many different facilities and services. Proxy and save message. It's a good program overall.	irrelevant information
Idk how to sign up make it easy to sign up 🤬	bug report
So for the last month and a half I have not been able to make or receive calls. AT ALL!!!	bug report
I'm not getting my calls until I go to the app, but I do get texts.	bug report
I didn't like this because of reasons and ads	irrelevant information
The latest version 19 April 2023 update doesn't log me in and says my device is not connected to the internet when it actually is	bug report
Great app, recent update is not an improvement	feature request
It's begging to like Christmas 💀😱	irrelevant information
I cant hear my friend on the call	bug report
Lots of people seem to love this but it didn't work for my needs. It was way too chatty with system messages and drove people away. I have other grumbles about the UI and feature controls, but why bash a decent product that was a bad fit for my needs? Thanks and good luck.	irrelevant information
Emojis dont always load	bug report
The system for bucking-up account is not convenient. Now I know why the ratings are bad.	bug report
Sometimes when i try to call or receive a call, skype acts like Im not connected to internet. Do something about this cuz this is so frustrating	bug report
1 star app due the fact that you cannot receive text messages. Name should be changed from 'text free' to 'text if you pay'.	bug report
Solid. Loses a star because UX changes are often detrimental, in this case having the Super React in the same spot as reactions when you don't have any left is really annoying	feature request
It won't let me clear the messages. It will show they are cleared until I log out and log back in the messages I just "cleared" are still there.	bug report
Alright for a free text/call app	irrelevant information
The app is fine and all that but the support is the worst thing of discord,my account got disabled for joking about my age and i sent in an appeal for it and its been almost a week and they haven't replied back this has happened to me before and i lost multiple accounts and lost alot of important stuff i had and i wish the support was better.	bug report
For many years been using it and just want to say thank you, there is nothing perfect on this earth, but you are doing fine. Thank you!	irrelevant information
disappointed with performance. i do not recieve notifications when i get a new text or call.	bug report
Can't retrieve my voice messages, no sound	bug report
Great app. Does what its supposed to. Keeps us all connected. Saves time. No more limits on sending messages.	irrelevant information
Easy to use and I love the encryption	irrelevant information
Can't get app to notify me of received messages until I go in to app	bug report
It used to work just fine but now I have to uninstall & reinstall every day just so I get my messages. If permanently delete it bit it's how I communicate with many people	bug report
lousy cannot get the app	bug report
This app sucks I dont even inoe why you all like it	irrelevant information
Have used for work bit very helpful tools when you need to have a meeting or share and can't wait but want all in group to share and see	feature request
Outstanding, the most important thing is that SignalApp isn't linked with Meta.. The signal app is secure.	irrelevant information
I like the app but it only sends me message notifications about half of the time. Then I will realize I haven't heard from my friends for a few days and it turns out there are tons of messages I missed.	bug report
Very slow to communicate. Need to fix bugs.	bug report
Voicemail. I use this a a business ph. I have a customer greeting saved. But constantly when customers call it says the number you are calling doesn't have a voicemail setup. And if my ph is not connected on wifi l, somehow calls goto someone who keeps cussing out my customers to stop calling him.. I also requested and paid for a sim kit that months ago amd still have not received it.	bug report
Very good app, expect the roles channels setting, etc etc. But yes this app is very good and I do not have any problem with notifications. The new UI is just extremely awful it always lags and it's so hard to make roles or servers in the new UI update not very good...	feature request
Use this app every day for work and what else is there to say other than it is the single worst group chat platform I have EVER used....	bug report
I used to have to mute the app not to receive them now I don't get any. Please fix Samsung galaxy s3	bug report
This new update I swipe left to reply to messages.... why is this changed like that??? How do I even swipe left to see who is online??? Also for some reason I can't send images. It was working all 100% fine until I made the mistake of updating. I shouldn't of updated cause this update ruined Discord.	feature request
Very enjoyable and fun to play!!!	irrelevant information
The redesign constantly gets stuck on one channel, even if you try and navigate away from it. This is clearly alpha software.	bug report
Need to fix the bluetooth switching to speaker drop call issue	bug report
Scams Not real	irrelevant information
great! it is getting better all the time!	irrelevant information
It's nice to set up a group. However, it would be nice if I could search a message. I was looking for an old post and could not locate it.	feature request
This app was great for 4 or 5 years until yesterday I tried to log in And it said I violated their terms of service... I dont think I even used the app for a few days or even a week, now for absolutely no reason my number and email have been permanently deleted...I rely on that number for everything, what have I done to have it permanently cut off!? Please explain to me and everyone who reads your reviews why I lost my phone number	bug report
I like this app. The only problem is sometimes it will not make calls or you can't hear the other person that you call but it does work 98% of the time. So yes get this app if you are low on funds because you can watch 3 to 5 minutes of ads and get over an hour if not more of call time. Fix the problem and i will be happy to give yall 5 stares	bug report
Hate the recent updates. What used to be simple and useful is now clumsy	feature request
Don't shove Bing down users's throat. App uninstalled from one family phone. It will probably go from all soon unless Bing can be turned off.	bug report
great simple app. How do I remove myself from a group?	feature request
Full application developed with bugs. Maybe intention from Microsoft to move users to Microsoft Team Application.	bug report
New update is bad. First it looks gross second there's a glitch where it won't let me open other chats, displaying the chat name at the top where I want to be in but not actually changing the messages shown	bug report
SMS delivery failed, didn't warn for hours and there is no option to retry. Really bad user experience.	bug report
Its not free. You still have to pay for mins.	irrelevant information
I will be there in about to	irrelevant information
Its starting to act up. It keep saying that its not connected to the internet but it is .... Fix it I use to give it five stars but right now no. It also don't ring when people call me sometimes I have to leave the app open when someone is about to call so I can answer. Fix it.	bug report
Fast and secure	irrelevant information
Bring back the old ui this new update is so annoying. Can't even swipe to see the members list anymore so I'm accidentally replying to people's messages when I just want to see who's online.	feature request
I really like this app, it's very I'm commutative and you can speak with a lot of people. VC with a lot of people and it's just very fun and you have very many features for Nitro, if you have Nitro, it has a lot of features and I really like this app because, as someone you features and the little emojis. And the stickers are very cute too, and you can just send them to your friends. It's acts. It's also very cute too.	irrelevant information
It was fun but I got banned for posting non inappropriate stuff and I lost contact with all of my friends	irrelevant information
Go back to the old design.	feature request
It wont let me send anything on wifi or 4g.. and it would be nice to delete a conversation youve had with a single user...	bug report
would give 5 stars but sometimes it either crashes or doesn't send the whole text	bug report
For me being on mobile it was perfect the way it was but now it screws with the other settings I have because of the buttons that take me back to the previous page and getting rid of whatever data I've used	bug report
Well, the fact that the app opens and stuck on one page then responds after 3 minutes made me angry, the new update sucks. Please either revert to the old version or resolve the issue, Waiting after clicking a server is bearable rather than waiting for all data from the servers I subscribed to load🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️	bug report
Taking too much time to open voice notes	bug report
Unbable to install Skype on my device need it please help	bug report
I use to love this app...now I am getting a ton of spam messages more than 10 a day, everyday..I block and delete each one only to receive 3 more ..It's ridiculous.	bug report
Kept freezing so I uninstalled and reinstalled it and I cant log into my account and its saying unexpected error try again consistently no matter what I do.	bug report
It is good, but I want to make a new account.	irrelevant information
Not able to sign in , in my android, it says no internet connection, eventhough there is Internet connection. I have recharged call india , please let me know how to solve this issue	bug report
Bug fixes aren't stated in app what's new just new added features	feature request
Avoid this app. Signal is going out of their way to remove one of their key features. They're getting rid of SMS support soon, so I'd recommend downloading something more mainstream like Telegram.	feature request
Keeps updating to a version that won'twork on my Galaxy S Tab 10!!! 8.52 has lines through video from my camera. 8.38 works fine but it keeps updating back to 8.52 even with Auto-Update set OFF in Google Play. Argh!	bug report
I'm not sure, I mean you can definitely communicate with others,but the experience is not what how you want to trust it	bug report
I can't login on this anymore since few months ago I've been trying all my best	bug report
it overall just sucks if u can get it on a desktop 100% do so	irrelevant information
Good messenger application although the recent plans of removal for sms will drive away a lot of users and the reasons for taking away sms are not very valid.	feature request
I should be able to delete old groups from my phone...takes up a lot of storage.. Doesn't refresh all the time...I'm always behind on comments	bug report
decebt messaging app but it doesn't give nw notifications 90% of the time I grt a message	bug report
Amazing app thank you for this app	irrelevant information
It's useful when needed	irrelevant information
Works fine, but seems to open calls on speaker mode sometimes. Cant find a setting to fix that.	bug report
the new ui is clunky and annoying. things take longer to do and it sucks.	bug report
Video didn't work, can't see the person I'm calling	bug report
Keeps logging me out automatically!!!  Please fix!!	bug report
It's great to communicate with others in a group and find what's going on with each other and other things...👍😎	irrelevant information
Unable to send videos and images. App constantly crashes and delays.	bug report
For some reason, I don't get notifications of new messages when my chats are unmuted	bug report
Great app works fairly smooth. I don't like getting assigned new number every month, if you don't use the app for a while.	feature request
It'll be nice.	irrelevant information
This app needs it's own contact book separate from the one native to your phone. That way you can separate the people you text using only your textfree number. Do this and it would have 5 stars.	feature request
I can't remember my password so I created another account, Now they have blocked me from using the app would not recommend this app... No, that's not the issue because I've used this app many times before and I just tried again. And it said it flagged my account. And said it disabled it so this app sucks	bug report
They new UI that was just pushed out is awful. It's easy enough to navigate which is why it gets two stars instead of one. But having it mirror the desktop version is the much better way to go	feature request
Very good information keeps me updated on what's going on.	irrelevant information
the voice call microphone lags and always keeps connecting problem when internet is turned on	bug report
Unable to register	bug report
To much notifications I do not receive messages when someone sends me something	bug report
So I love this app because I can be in contact with my friend group, but lately, when we're video chatting, the call will end or people will be ejected from the call out of nowhere. As well as that, whenever I go to the app and I'm just seeing who's active and who's not, it's been saying that people "Haven't been seen in days" when they were active just a few minutes ago. Very odd and would greatly appreciate it if it could be fixed. Have a splendid day!	bug report
Still waiting on a password reset email. It says I HAVE an account with that email. But it hasn't sent an email. So I try my daughter's. I know there is an account. I set it up. It tells me there is an account. But it won't sent a password reset to that one either. Set up account with my junk email. I literally JUST CREATED THE PASSWORD and saved it on this phone. We are sorry, your password is Incorrect. I quit.	bug report
Doesn't consistently send texts. I have to log onto the website to see if I am missing messages.	bug report
It sucks keeps saying all circuits are busy right now everytime i call my boyfriend sam rendon Clifford Stewart	bug report
After the last update I can't send photos, emojis, gifs and voice messages using my Samsung tablet	bug report
I was using this app but suddenly this app was going slowly so i deleted and again i want to login with my mobile number but there's some issue. I can't able to receive otp. What is the reason? Please fix this as early as possible.	bug report
I love this app except when I send a pic and it doesnt send it just sits there twirling makes it hard to read msgs because you have to scroll up every time please fix	bug report
I was getting nitro but it gives me an error msg and telling me to use a different payment instrument to complete it. And I used 2 credit cards, i don't understand why it's not letting it complete. Please fix it.	bug report
Get verification codes from various places sure pay 6.99 a week to secure your number that's some bull expensive will just go ahead and get a real phone	irrelevant information
Was the perfect app for my 2nd phone that way I could give that number to most people and only give my main number to whom I wanted. I was fine with the ad banners, they weren't too intrucive. Unfortunately now ads constantly (after every couple texts) show up in text conversations that look like text bubbles and it's $360+ dollars a year to get rid of them? Forget it, I'll just go get a cheap plan for my 2nd phone this weekend. Thanks for being useful for a while, though.	bug report
Sometimes the calls and texts don't come thru and I miss important phone calls and someone hacks into my text now and I get texts I didn't send	bug report
Too much bugs	bug report
Messages show up really fast, nice to be in touch with our group without tying up our phones with texts.	irrelevant information
The new UI is just horrible and unnecessary like most of their updates and changes. There's never been a company more determined to worsen their product.	feature request
Super hard to create a contact living in another country. My husband brainstormrd it to find a way. No instructions available. However very glad to get my daughter on it for when the black out arrives. Thank you so much for creating Signal for all the decent people in the world.	irrelevant information
Can't even connect calls with excellent quality	bug report
Help I need help I used the same email in 2 account, it keeps registered me into my first account, but my second one is the one I really use, but my second one keeps on saying for me to register to my email and I do but it keeps on saying "email is already registered " even tho it already has a email, I logined out, BUT I forgot my password to it . Now I don't know what to do cause it keeps on registering me to my first account, now I lost all of my friends in the second one 😭	bug report
It works and free worth a rating unlike other apps	irrelevant information
Easy for an old lady to use!	irrelevant information
I Love playing casino games On NPa?	irrelevant information
The latest update broke the app. Can you not do that? I pay for your service too, like so many other people, and this is not what we asked for	bug report
The color theme no longer match up when you chat with someone it just sets to the default color (I hope this made sense sorry)	bug report
Dear Sirs and Madam's that work as discord devs,Why is your app always broken? -Sincerely,a random teen on the Internet<3	bug report
Calls drop 70% of the time, text works great	bug report
The people/the group/the connection/the catch up...thanks	irrelevant information
Used it in a college class was helpful	irrelevant information
I want to be able to use the phone outside of my house without the Wi-Fi I bought the SIM card	feature request
Now it's just slow at sending images even though I have full wifi?	bug report
It's OK for calling but it keeps on cutting out mid call and it's extremely irritating to go back to the app nonstop to leave n rejoin.	bug report
App is useful. Works great for sports groups, office communication, etc. 4 stars because the notifications are funky and doesn't seem to work half the time.	bug report
Battery usage is catastrophic for what should essentially be a simple texting app.	bug report
Too much ads but otherwise helpful	irrelevant information
Very nice and chill group.	irrelevant information
Terrible forced update	bug report
The new UI is terrible. It's worse in every way and absolutely filled to the brim with bugs. I can't find one thing about this that is actually better than how it was before. If something is not done about this soon I am 100% going to stop paying for nitro.	bug report
So far really good. No problems and it's really fast	irrelevant information
Very anoying when getting notification for messages I already read hours ago.	bug report
Works smoothly and intuitively! Better than most!	irrelevant information
I installed this in my new Samsung S9 and it just said "Unable to connect to internet.." when I login whilw I'm using wifi, other apps connected ok	bug report
I downloaded this application to ensure ease of communication within a work-related group I am involved with, however, I do not receive notifications of messages sent by other members until days, even weeks, after the messages have been sent, despite having the conversation "unmuted." It is highly inconvenient to dig through the messages to make sure I'm up-to-date.	bug report
Fabulous . Everything is clear	irrelevant information
This app is very useful for simple txting and local calls if you are low income and can't afford a bill or a phone card, but you can only use this service if you have internet or are somewhere WiFi is available...that's the only thing that sucks about the app, oh and the fact that you can't call a gift card or credit card because the app doesn't support those kinds of numbers..oh well, sometimes you have to take the good with the bad	feature request
Has issues connecting to wifi and staying connected even on stable wifi service.	bug report
How to purchase international calling pack	irrelevant information
Bad reception calls where a bit shaky	bug report
It is very good app compare to WhatsApp now these days WhatsApp has improved but our privacy is not being private with whatsapp so in my opinion signal is alternative for WhatsApp	feature request
Just fine thank you.	irrelevant information
I have been using Signal for long enough that I don't even remember when I first installed it. I am typing this as 48k messages export, after which I will be uninstalling. Removing SMS from this app means that its main selling point is gone: Being able to have my non-tech-savvy friends install it and use it as a normal texting app. Now I need to tell them all to use a different app. Way to hand your userbase over to Google.	irrelevant information
was good until I couldn't send video any more	bug report
question mark. Now this feature is gone! Please Skype, put it back. Thank	feature request
I can't text freely cause i need to verify every single second	bug report
I like this app but it says my email doesn't exist	bug report
Ultra slow app	bug report
You seem to always be here when I needed a phone thanks so much	irrelevant information
Trash UI, revert back	feature request
This  app suck's  I hated it 🙅😫😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😡😬😠😠😬😡😈 Kendra	irrelevant information
Doesn't worknow I can't even get into my account g	bug report
the notifications until unless i open the app..please fix it..	bug report
Slow and choppy seems to be the best way to describe the average phone call. Glad it's not a primary mean of communication for me.	irrelevant information
Losing faith in discord mobile, its fun to talk to friends on the phone for those who dont have a pc. BUT the glitches are getting way out of hand, to the point where it feels unstable and practically unusable at times.	bug report
It says free after you say install you say you charge a monthly fee of $4.99 😥	bug report
Husband used it to cheat on me. Was good for that I guess	irrelevant information
I like the app, but I have gave jobs this number & now the app wants $1.99 a month or my service will be off	bug report
Great service and it's at no cost at all.	irrelevant information
Talk to my girlfriend.	irrelevant information
Yesterday, my texts stopped going through.  Can someone help me to understand why?	bug report
I tried loging in my account from my laptop to phone when i pyped my code it said someone else is using it too even before it got delivered to me.	bug report
Deliberately making the app annoying (to subscribe for more services) even for paid users deserves negative stars. If this does not get fixed soon I'll move to other apps.	feature request
It was great and I was texting a lot of girls but then it keeps refreshing its self, please fix I need to get back to texting them :(	bug report
won't cancel my subscription instead keeps taking my money. Horrible app do not get	bug report
2 people i have the misfortune of knowing, are using this app to prank me and my friends	irrelevant information
It needs a private box and change themes and passcode on it	feature request
So many bugs, what you do? More update more annoying it be .. Server not open properly, image will split cannot view at full, bug at volume control	bug report
Service is unpredictable at best. Messages don't send from mobile sometimes for hours. Have auto update turned on but have to manually update regularly. Very glitchy.	bug report
Current version doesn't allow you to sign into the app on the Moto Z DROID. Contacted GroupMe support and they said this is a know issue with my model that will be resolved in a future update. I will update my rating if/when this is fixed.	bug report
Call only last 35 seconds then hangs up......app is trash.	bug report
Worst application ever seen	bug report
That app is commonly used by sex workers and scammers. Would not recommend using outside out personal friends group.	irrelevant information
Not working again... one of the most unstable apps i have ever used and every update makes it worse. Just use telegram instead	bug report
HD calls dont work well	bug report
Are you kidding me. I can't even make a phone call without this app messing up. I am pissed	bug report
The app is all nice. Just need an extra feature: Please add time stamp on each message whether sent or recieved.	feature request
No sure I thing it's my service	irrelevant information
Try for the last hour to download it but no luck	bug report
Lacks editing of existing posts, like cancelling events or messages. It's trying really hard to be like Slack, but definitely not there yet.	feature request
I really didn;t	irrelevant information
Sometimes the phone doesn't work that great but the texting is great	bug report
Not thdt much quality	irrelevant information
This app will have the most useless changes but they wont fix the issue with pics taking ages to send	bug report
Up the phone	irrelevant information
App not open OnePlus 10R Android 14	bug report
These new updates completely ruined the mobile app.	bug report
It use to be extremely fast but now takes 10-15 seconds to display the msgs...sometimes more. Sometimes chat only loads if i click in the text box to reply to the msg...and sometimes the persons msgs dont show up till i write them a msg.  Otherwise its a good app.  But this part sucks bad. Lg motion user here. 18 down internet connection and no background apps running. Processor up to 1512(dual core). Its not my phone. .	bug report
Good software, the sound is clear and clear, and the sound is loud	irrelevant information
I like it , but it still has a lot of bugs. The screen will freeze, audio will go out , multitasking tool is annoying , speaker will go in and out, calls will just end for no reason , and why does it stop at 5 hours and 45 min :/	bug report
Keeps crashing when it asks me for the verification, never experienced this app, if this issue gets fixed i will change it to 5 stars (Probably) I'm using android 13, thats why i think....	bug report
The app is honestly a buggy disaster right now, and it seems like every other update something stops working, the app UI freezes randomly, or some other weird thing. It'll stay broken for a while, then get fixed, then break again with the next update, and it stays broke longer than it stays fixed.	bug report
TEXT NOW STOLE MONEY OUT OF MY ACCOUNT!! I don't have a way of contacting them!	bug report
I like it it's very fun to use	irrelevant information
This app is good for fibding like-minded people and communites, but I have been having the problem that whenever I try to make changes to my profile, like changing my banner or avatar, it doesn't let me save the changes. There is no save button at all after you make them.	bug report
One of the easiest apps to use for a group chat if there isnt Messenger available for everyone.	irrelevant information
ads and constant reminders to upgrade	irrelevant information
Can't live without this app!	irrelevant information
I don't understand what Discord's goals are past a certain point. For the last.. around 10 major updates, they've been progressively adding more and more personalisation settings, things like the unique statuses found only when in call. But while they're doing that, they're simultaneously breaking other functions like AMOLED dark mode. As it stands, the basic chatroom functionality of it is.. Fine. It's not good, and it's certainly not secure, but it's functional. that's the best it's got.	feature request
This app is very helpful in my life	irrelevant information
Needs to have an easier path to delete txts. Should hold down a msg and have options right away. The GUI isn't the best and there are too many clickables to get what I need. Sometimes messages don't send or come in. Idk the fix there but no ideal. 23APR2022 update-App randomly doesn't send sms to apple users. You'll see an endless spinning wheel indicating it hasn't been sent yet other sms will send.	bug report
Vastly inferior to Line in all ways but 1- this chat app shows who's typing when you're in group chats and waiting for a response. Otherwise, it doesn't even compare. If you're looking for all the same features done better plus way more to offer, get Line.	feature request
I just started using the app. so far so good. I can say more when I've used it longer	irrelevant information
Ok so it says I'll give it 6 stars if I could..I WILL GIVE IT 0 STARS IG I	bug report
Your app sucks. Make it work.	bug report
Best form of social media hands down	irrelevant information
I use skype on my chromebook. Is it possible to send a message pressing enter button?	feature request
Used to love it but now with each update it's becoming less and less functional for certain people. It took away the option to revert back to the old layout for many people. Yes the new update is easier for some but for many its difficult and overwhelming. It should give people the option of the new or old layout on their mobile devices.	feature request
After interface change, channels are getting stuck on my app and others will not open. So if I am in the general channel and then switch to another channel it continues to show the general channel, but it shows I am in another channel. Even have the same issue with servers displaying another servers channel. Only fix is close and reopen app. But this is cumbersome every time to want to check another channel or server.	bug report
Very nice app, easy to use. Only one note, you can not see the other person what time he used the app.	feature request
prompts because this dialog overlaps and the cancel call button is right on	bug report
It was fine at first but now its really broken. friends n I have struggled to use the update as it doesnt allow us to upload images to each other and having servers load first is kind of inconvenient.	bug report
Connection and communication are fine. Contacts and usability are terrible (that is why 4 stars), even that i already used to it	feature request
Notifications won't go away	bug report
Has anyone else had a problem with the app lately? Mine hasn't worked for an entire week.. I've closed and opened it. I've deleted the app and uploaded it again. Not sure what to do anymore... Frustrating.	bug report
Excellent app good video and voice Quality	irrelevant information
Thought the app was great, now i cant add an image. The app immediately crashes... please fix!!!	bug report
So many bugs. Pictures don't download or take forever to show up. Messages don't go through. It used to work with no issue but now having to find another alternative for work chat	bug report
It's a nice app you can chat with YouTubers and other gamers and play game with them	irrelevant information
Tried to sign up for the app but the verification call or messages never came is there anyway to resolve that issue?	bug report
I would enjoy it more if it gave me the capability to edit my posts. I should have the option to choose actions that are shared; If I make a change, add or delete someone, that should not be publicized. The app will quickly stop sending messages to someone that doesn't respond after being added. The invitation to join should be clear and precise that you must respond within a certain time frame in order to keep receiving messages, also the app won't allow you to return after leaving group.	feature request
Privacy app that asks for your contacts first thing upon install 🤢🤮 Sounds like Facebook, Instagram, ... to me. Keet does not.	irrelevant information
Ir is a good a app buy to many adds	irrelevant information
Waste total waste of internet and time the video calling facility is the worst like the worst the video lags and sometimes comes in slow motion the dumbest I have seen in my life the audio is so weird it feels like talking to ghosts. Really bed never download this in your life you won't sleep in the night after making a call in this app.........	bug report
I love the app. It's a great way too stay in contact with friends or meet people.	irrelevant information
untill I opened the app. Sometimes it worked but most of the time I need to	bug report
Can't even tell TextNow is working over wifi	bug report
It's been the only phone I needed for years	irrelevant information
easy to use and keep group informed	irrelevant information
Turns out, a lot of folks weren't getting my messages. And now I've uninstalled and can't get messages. Never should have installed.	bug report
Not bad my only issue is when I'm in a team battle it sometimes randomly kicks my from the party or one of my friends plus I can't hear in game content while being in party chat	bug report
The app is one of best app I have ever seen .......they did a very good job on this app	irrelevant information
New phone. Signal cannot read phone contacts.	bug report
Works Good Just Alot Of ADs	irrelevant information
I'm using discord for a long time and there's some bugs, that still wasn't fixed: when you click on the image that your opponent has sent it just becomes black and doesn't load. Also, pretty often voice messages become corrupted and are unplayable, nor on the phone, nor on the desktop. I like this app, but these bugs are incredibly annoying	bug report
from those not in my contacts.	irrelevant information
Man I swear nearly every new update and redesign makes discord worse. Issues rarely get fixed and for the ones that do get fixed a new issue arises to take its place	bug report
It is not compatable with Android	bug report
No workings this app	bug report
Since the UI update, the app really seems to have degraded in performance. For example; Randomly just not setting any messages to read. When opening a chat, just being about 2 pages of scrolling up the chat for some bizarre reason. UI is now just sometimes completely non responsive for a few seconds. This plus the absolute overhaul of the UI to remove some functions, I'm not entirely sure what discord were thinking. It seems to be completely untested and the UX is now completely awful.	bug report
My app contacts text messages come hours late. I text back they don't receive my texts messages and I wonder why they don't respond. Text messages appears to be sent but never delivered to them without me even knowing . I don't receive pics from friends at times when even sending them back and forth in the same room so I know for facts I'm not getting there pics. Ever even later down the road they never come even they tried multiple times. So frustrating. I uninstalled several times and reinstal	bug report
love it...til the update...now it asks me after EVERY CALL how was it.. it's very annoying	bug report
This is a pretty good app, I love Discord and all my friends on it. I have a good community on here, too! There's just one issue, and that's when I have my dark mode on, which is where the screen is black, not grey. When I have this mode on, it sometimes glitches and causes it to go back to grey and have one part black. It'd be nice if this was fixed.	bug report
The decision to remove support for SMS and MMS messages forces me to uninstall. Signal was the BEST app that had unified both instant messaging w/ 2-way encryption and standard SMS/MMS. Now it's just another encrypted messaging app. All my friends and family will stop using it since switching between apps to message certain people is a hassle. I'll have nobody to talk to on the app and I'll uninstall. If developers reverse their decision, I'd want to return but I wouldn't have anyone to talk to.	bug report
Service is great but, I reported a problem about not receiving my earned minutes (from downloading a game) and you basically called me a liar and said I did receive them!!!	bug report
Fake and scam app I buy number But I didn't receive	irrelevant information
Only 4 pinned chats? But, why?	feature request
just switched to Android system. then the notification become so weird, everyday I have to manually open the app to check if there's any new messages. othetswide no notification at all.	bug report
I'm giving 4 because of reinstall situation, but besides that case it's very nice)	irrelevant information
I want to cancel my subscription but really struggling to find it. I think Microsoft has designed it such a way so that u can't cancel it eazily	bug report
Give old ui back	feature request
Easy to use...a big help	irrelevant information
In UAE,,,,,the calls are not going through,,,,the other party in India can,t hear us,,,please rectify this issue,,,,	bug report
Perfect app for my privacy concerns.	irrelevant information
I haven't even received the actual UI update yet and myself and several others on this platform are no longer able to send images. I'm sure these UI updates have use but a good portion of Discords user base is autistic so you can't just spring new updates on us without warning. If there's one thing autistic people hate is change that they can't control.	bug report
#2 in wifi free phone service	irrelevant information
It will not let me log in and all I can do Is reset my password yet It will say "email is already registered"	bug report
No longer sends messages at all, gives a red exclamation point next to every sent message. Moving to a new app!	bug report
UI layout is the worst and i wouldn't recommend discord until they fix it. 0/10 would use skype over discord	bug report
The last update destroyed user friendliness. Switching between servers and private conversations has become cumbersome and the app has become so slow	bug report
Android app users can't make calls I have been using it on my ipod ,but now that I have switched to the samsung galaxy prevail I can't make any calls and it is very irritating and could cause a loss of valuable customers!	bug report
Help me with the Damm code or send a New no way	bug report
Not have a call service at UAE	irrelevant information
I didnt use it a lot just for friends	irrelevant information
Voice is shaking terribly when making phone calls. Don't know why this is happening. It has started suddenly. I was a happy Skype user for phone calls. Now I have to find a different calling app other than Skype.	bug report
New update is horrible. Everything has curved edges in an attempt to look modern but it just ends up looking annoying and fat, the new midnight color is too dark, the way to access DMs is very annoying now and I really liked being able to see a list of people online in the server by swiping to the side, which is now replaced by clicking on the channel (really inconvenient). The way to reply to messages is super annoying. Overall this new update is just awful. Give us an option to revert back.	feature request
Used it a couple times	irrelevant information
4ythe is a good nite and bakers are true friends and	irrelevant information
Skype is amazing! It's SO easy to use! I haven't had any problems with it. If you use Google's software, or Slack or Zoom, it's normal to have lots of glitches and other problems. But Skype always works - it's incredibly reliable. If you need a high quality, reliable app, for calling or texting, use Skype!	irrelevant information
Hello baby	irrelevant information
This app used to be amazing. But they got big. Got greedy. Let a fool from another greedy company into their staff. And it has gone so far downhill. They are losing the trust of their userbase. They push out unwanted barely functional updates that ruin the user experience. They don't deserve 1 star. I do not recommend using this app right now. You are genuinely better using a hellsite like Reddit than Discord anymore. You used to be great, Discord. But you disappointed us all.	irrelevant information
The latest update removed easy access to pinned messages. Lame.	feature request
online,but skype say you are,and ...	bug report
Decent but lots of spam, emails and texts. Careful of setting permissions	irrelevant information
calls drop and can't hear	bug report
whatsapp is better than this. In signal msg is received late. There is no option of last scene in this. !!!!!	feature request
The app is not letting me login or register I don't know why	bug report
Even after multiple login attempts using the correct password and username it fails to connect but doesn't read any kind of error message once I reset my password it works again every time I log out and try to log back in I have to do that	bug report
Latest Update has issues w Google Play integration... After recent ANDROID X system update... Unstable to use	bug report
New UI is horrible. Please make it an option or something. I don't want to be stuck with it. Update: the new updates continue to implement changes for the worse.	feature request
The stories section below is creating problems while scrolling up in the chat section. Kindly move it to the above section instead of below or make the width smaller by removing either text or icon and make the icon smaller. And make the width smaller which looks better.	feature request
I like the app. Upgrading to a new Android phone, I didn't know Signal requires a separate update. I turned in the phone and can't copy my address book. Frustrating. Also, can't save this rating easily	bug report
The sound does not go through my earbuds. Even if I click it the Bluetooth option, it plays it through my phone speaker. Also, it doesn't let me purchase Nitro since it says I have an invalid address (I'm from South America). Fix please its been months since I have been able to use discord on my phone :/	bug report
I used to LOVE the heck outta this app but afte my phone with the Sim card from TEXTNOW was stolen by my stepsister now that I have a new phone I downloaded text now again because I really enjoyed everything about it. The first time I set everything up it was all good to go was busy for no more than 5 miutes and when I got back on the app I was greater with a message saying MY ACCOUNT HAS BEEN DELETED For VIOLATING YOUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS!!!	irrelevant information
Never works at all on public wifi, can be slow on data and by the time i can use private wifi ill be using the computer, and discord app on pc has had problems lately too	bug report
The app is wonderful ....tbh🌻	irrelevant information
Very quickly becoming the worst app I have for functionality. It's great on the computer but the mobile app constantly bugs out and doesn't properly show channels, messages, or anything. Nothing but a full restart of my phone will fix it as uninstalling and reinstalling is ridiculous. Decision makers need to devote more dev time to functionality and bug fixing instead of those activities that are largely unused.	bug report
The sound on each msg is disturbing, it would be better if you give the option to mute or change it & if you do this I will change my ratings to 5 stars. This is the best app in this category. Thank you for the application.	feature request
I said somebody thinks I'm home ii I think we yuyjjm ppooplf	irrelevant information
Good app. We've used it for years. We like it...notifications aren't always timely. 🤔	feature request
Can you offer a tablet interface for the Galaxy Z Fold: A dual pane view just like Google messages	feature request
Since the update it takes forever to open	bug report
It's 2021 and we're still not able to delete Direct Messages but we can delete contacts now. Progress I guess. Update: the year is 2022, no delete message in sight.	feature request
It's great especially right during a pandemic, however sometime there's an error during a call where my call just shuts off for no reason	bug report
As always another discord updated that breaks mobile. Absolutely none of the media is loading since the update but only effects mobile users. y do u even have mobile access if u treat the users like they dont matter. just admit already that u dont give a flying F about mobile users... oh wait ur updates prove it	bug report
The new ui sucks so bad change it back please	feature request
Sometimes I don't receive texts and I have to log out the log back in to get the text please fix	bug report
use it for work. it's very useful!	irrelevant information
Used to be great until they removed SMS	bug report
Needs more improvement on phone call signal strength.	bug report
Removing features isn't the path forward. Since the removal of SMS capabilities this app has severally limited its usefulness. I'll be uninstalling until the feature is restored.	feature request
Very good, 👍 the best private app.	irrelevant information
Every update it gets worse and worse somehow, the new layout makes no sense and it's now full of bugs	bug report
It was working fine but currently it's not working at all in uae , i hope that to fix it as soon as possible	bug report
Extremely bugged I like. But the call feature is buggy	bug report
won't let me cancel subscription, have to get a new card	bug report
Will not let me download this app	bug report
Does not allow incoming or outgoing picture messages. And it does not continue to work...have to log in and log out often	bug report
Going good so far, but then u had 2 give phone number GRRR	bug report
not free make u buy mins	irrelevant information
No number is active every number is taken by snatched by someone u will not get any number dont install it	bug report
It's a nice messaging app that does what it's supposed to do. We haven't had many dropped messages compared to Facebook Messenger. The only thing that irks me is the sticker feature - sticker packs are hard to find, install, and use.	feature request
Easy to communicate with my fellow classmates.	irrelevant information
The qualities are amazing. I could talk to people without any problems	irrelevant information
All of a sudden im locked out of my skype account	bug report
please fix this app !!!! EVERYONE didnt like the new updates .. the old discord was waaaay better ....now it is full of BUGS and SUPER LAGGY 😭😭💔💔	bug report
I like the app, but I have to rate one star for one simple reason. You can only send 30 second videos. My associates and I are running a skate team, where they need a one minute skate video to be put on Instagram to be approved. It would be much more efficient if we could review each video all at once instead of in 2 parts. If you guys up it to at least a minute, I'll rate 5 stars.	feature request
I really love how detailed channels can be and have been a user of discord for *years*. But with this most recent update; there has been so many bugs that make it really frustrating to use the mobile app. It freezes on chats, sometimes when i send a message i have to delete the message i just sent to be able to send another, and other times it just wont let me type at all. I hope it gets fixed soon.	bug report
Does not give me notifications on messages	bug report
What is the point of making this app if i have to have a cell number??	feature request
I think this app is wonderful. It helps me keep up to date with my business partners	irrelevant information
Great app for group chatting, which can be accessed using regular messaging as well which is great especially when not everyone has capability of acessing a special group chat app.	irrelevant information
Just so horrible that Microsoft can't spend a few bucks with some competent people and make a decent UI for Skype. It's just so unfriendly unsightly and intrusive.	feature request
Testing was great	irrelevant information
Free free free!!!! & I love my wife ❣️	irrelevant information
A little annoyin that you can loose all your messages, but other than that, it's probably one of the best messaging services.	feature request
After the new update the mobile app became practically unusablem The new, high contrast background is making the text extremely hard to read; and there is no option to go back to the previous shade which was much better. Not only that but the app lags a lot while switching from dms to servers. Additionally there is a problem with sending, displaying and viewing images. Finally, the pins became really hard to access and find as images were removed. Search function is broken too...	bug report
Can you pls add soundboard to mobile? I will put my rating to 5 stars. My friends use desktop discord and it's really unfair for me that mobile doesn't have a mobile soundboard.	feature request
my phone number was already associated with an account so couldnt sign up.	bug report
didn't want to tell me when i got a text until i opened the app.	feature request
It's decent enough service, easy to us and keep track of.	irrelevant information
When the app decides to wipe all your messages and lose you vital information.	bug report
It can't download the recordings	bug report
The best. Easy treating how it still CAN'T ID live performances c'mon now, it's effing 2022!!! WHY ISN'T THERE AN EFFING APP FOR THAT ?!!!	feature request
Kills battery life and doesn't push through notifications well	bug report
Great app, works as expected	irrelevant information
I am giving this app a bad rating because it crashes every time I fill out an e-form in that app and possibly due to network issue. This needs a major software overhaul.	bug report
Cant send photos anymore cant even share images from google this is broken	bug report
Would be 5 stars if clyde came back : (	irrelevant information
Had nothing for my desired area code	irrelevant information
Watched videos, played games, spent $2.69 for 100min, they never gave me any minutes.	bug report
and use the Hangouts Dialer app instead!	irrelevant information
It's impossible to verify my account	bug report
Dark theme lacks a lot of contrast, text is barely readable. And additional options are behind a paywall.	bug report
The new mobile update is horrible. Stop changing things that don't need to be changed. Everyone was used to the last UI change so why update it again? I can't name a single good change with this new version. Swiping left to reply to a message sucks because now you have to click the top of a server to see who's online. The message tab is ugly. I don't want to see what other people in random servers that I'm not friends with are doing. Everyone involved in this update should feel ashamed.	feature request
Great conversation and connection	irrelevant information
I don't exactly know what happened, but months ago there was an update to this app, which just completely destroyed it's stability. Whenever i want to look at messages, or servers, i have to reopen the app 1-3 times because the thing just won't load properly. It sucks so bad. A few days ago there was an update that added slide to reply function, and today it's just gone. Please go back and fix this app, i use it very often and it's just not functioning how it's supposed to.	bug report
windows like it used to I'd be a lot happier. Still useful but clumsy and	feature request
PLEASE IMPROVE UX: create a "select multiple/all" for hiding chats, or let us let us delete them permanently. Either give us control over who we keep as "contacts" or dispense with it altogether. *.*.* No way to delete conversations or control/delete contacts is a deal breaker. Each new device install means another couple hours navigating a positively infuriating FOUR CLICK PROCESS to hide over a hundred old chats from years ago, or else new and important messages get buried and overlooked. My contact list is utterly useless and contains THOUSANDS of people I don't know and have never met thanks to large class chats at university.	feature request
Editing my review from 5 stars to one. The new ui is terrible and it doesn't give any option to switch back in the app	feature request
Can't see contact status (offline, onlibe, away) in this newest version(on mobile apps). Last version more easy to use...sigh	feature request
Discord as a service is great, but my goodness the new update is bad. The UI is worse and the whole thing just runs slower.	feature request
I updated it and now I can send but not recieve texts	bug report
Absolutely good experience	irrelevant information
Can't send files even after I updated it, keeps saying failed to send. And it's a 2 second clip	bug report
Great app, soon to be useless because of the idiotic decision to remove SMS support. Only 5 people I know use signal, with the rest I communicate through SMS. Seems to me like the developers live in a region, where SMS isn't much used and they made the assumption, that that is the way for all the rest of us. Will probably uninstall once they kill SMS.	feature request
Too many damn ads. Wasn't like this some years back. Constant harassment about keep your number. No I'm not paying for ad free or to keep number. Garbage app!	irrelevant information
Problems at you pick an area code and it says not available.. just brilliant developers 😐😐😐😐 garbage 🗑️	bug report
It needs to be able to delete groups.	feature request
I love this app, it's where most of my friends are. Despite the weird updates they have from time to time. It's a great app!	irrelevant information
Non supportive for my phone.	bug report
Discord seems to be like Pokemon Scarlet and Violet in a way. It gets more janky the longer you use it or leave it open in the background. The only way to resolve this is restarting the app. Multiple times per day. Fix your app before changing everything about it.	bug report
Notification chime is way too loud. The pop out Launchpad navigator is impossible to use. There is no control that works. It's always interfering with things. Especially now that swipe from the right edge is the reply function. Also the ability to search for a server by name is gone so it's terrible. I'm part of a lot of servers and I know them by name but not by icon. Because that's always changing. Why can't I just do that simply...	bug report
They are ruining this app. I used to love it, and would have given it a 5 star review. Now, you can't use capital letters in your user name, causing names to no longer be unique and fun. It's even worse for MY user name because my username REQUIRES capital letters for it to work right. Whats worse, is that if you don't change your user name, they will force it. If discord doesn't stop, I will delete it and tell everyone I can to delete it as well. I am VERY disappointed with this new update.	bug report
They are taking money out of my account and do not know what they're doing it's criminal what they're doing you can't even call them to say. I have to go to my bank and call it to stop $14 out of my bank account that I need every month I'm a senior and this is rape this is clinical rape cuz you can't call them the stuff they purposely did not put a phone number cuz you cannot stop them	bug report
So you deleted my review, haha. If 4 stars was too much here is only one. For ignoring my question about mutual contacts. I have right to know who is that one contact in my contact list mutual to unknown contact trying to reach me.	bug report
Good app for messages and a good app for getting new friends.	irrelevant information
Could be better. Yes you need WiFi, but you can pay for data. This app could have better quality but it's a great app. Unfortunately, ads occur very often which is annoying. The only bad thing is that the app sells your number to telemarketers so I get called every hour or so by a number that won't answer back or that tell me things like "your car loan is about to expire john" CONSTANTLY has bugs that are usually fixed within the month most of the time.	bug report
Stop asking me to review	irrelevant information
I used to love this Skype calling but since the updated version Microsoft	bug report
I am not sure what I should rate this app because I'm not on the inside and I am not the programmer only a user	irrelevant information
I use skype all the time. i wrote a review one time that it crashes everytime i use it. but now it works just fine. will monitor it before i change my 3-stars to 5-stars. thank u! UPDATE:  I HATE the new update. sorry. changed my 3 stars to 2 stars UPDATE 2: I can't seem to receive a message from the other line and we're on video chat :( there are times that i can't hear the other line (but given the internet connection is slow) that's why we still send messages when we're video chatting.	bug report
It was great and all until ACK! there were scammers calling me every 3 minutes! My phone vibrated and whenever I dared to try and answer their calls, they'd say I had a warrant from the "Warrency" department. I don't know how they got my TextNow phone number but no matter how many times I changed my number my phone would go off every minute with either a voicemail or one of their calls. I've counted 100+ calls in the last 24 hours! Uninstalled!! I couldn't take it anymore!	bug report
After the updates, when i called with someone it always hang up easily and said 'network failed' . I can hear their voice, but when i look at the screen it shows network failed.	bug report
Good for now until I confirm better	irrelevant information
OK this apps	irrelevant information
One of the worst app I have ever seen	irrelevant information
I think the app is great but since I've downloaded it all of my other apps have been freezing fix this big plz	bug report
Has a lot of bugs constantly causing me to miss important message alerts. Constantly have to uninstall and reinstall to attempt to correct bug	bug report
Used it for dnd and gaming for 4 years. It's incomparable	irrelevant information
Poor app needs massive update,if you add it on your laptop all your messages are wiped out. Change your phone the messages are wiped out.	bug report
Ok app. Keeps me up to date on stuff. No being able to delete some or msgs or group msgs from yrs ago is frustrating.	feature request
Wish you didnt have minutes to call so i cant call anyone because i have no minutes and i don't want to pay $10 dollers for 10 minutes	irrelevant information
Does not work well on Samsung Fold. Freezes alot..touch responses don't work. Left pane does not respond to touch. Poor Android app	bug report
Overall Discord is great but it has connection issues on my phone on my PC though it's fine but I have to close the app sometimes on my phone because it's won't connect to the internet even though my internet is working and that's really my only gripe if they can fix this that would be nice oh and also there is no use for Discord Nitro classic unless you just want to pay for a badge and I don't see why Discord even has it:)	bug report
Clinton Caraway quit sweatin 'em bawls homie, you sweatin 'em hard too...it aint that great...what wit yo sophisticated rhetoric an' all, one might have almost forgot that you are in fact inbred,...and that your really from W. Virginia.....Wrong Turn, the movie,seen it ?...yea......das you homie, das you....	irrelevant information
Drop call static can't hear the caller cuts in your conversation!!!!!	bug report
I just want to make a call or a text. I don't want to sign up and I don't even know what they're asking for? Don't even bother.	irrelevant information
Great just don't switch phones...	irrelevant information
I cant send any pictures!! And the call signal sucks! It freezes a lot...but overall I can recieve pictures and im able to text FIX NOW!!!!	bug report
Some messages aren't delivering to me please fix this problem. Other than that it's an okay app	bug report
It's actually working worse for me. And I'll give it 5 stars when it gets the customizable settings and such, like the ipod version, my firend uses the ipod version and its much better... when will we get that? It's been so long since it came out on the ipod. this plain version needs it baddd!	feature request
Look I really liked to use this app but now it's become and issue. Sense discord doesn't allow for the mic to be allowed at all times it's hard to use the calls like I used to. I'll be playing a game on my phone and wanna talk to someone through a discord voice chat or call but realize that my mic isn't picking anything up. It sucks and I really wish it was fixable but it seems it's not. I got hold of support and they just told me to reset the phone which I already did a few times. That was it	bug report
Extremly slow, not the best texting app, I suggest text now, so much better than this	bug report
Would be better if I can see if my message was read and sent like other apps do it would be helpful to add that	feature request
Good messenger, sadly underrated so its not that usable but definitely the best messenger app out there	irrelevant information
It's good but sometimes it's frustrating	irrelevant information
people are too corny.	irrelevant information
I got harassed by nazis, sexists, and homophobes. 10/10	irrelevant information
This app is distracting it buffer i have to keep reseting my phone or text from my smsrt/watch upgrade is needed 100%	irrelevant information
Every lady I've spoke to on this site are working girls. Prostitution.	irrelevant information
I love it CUZZ	irrelevant information
Kinda OK with new UI. But I literally hate the capture and highlights menu in the main screen. App become damn slow than before. Not apt for this generation display ratios.	feature request
More popular 10 years ago that advertised to be used for connecting to family living long distance to interact with as if you are together in person while you're in that video screen to be able to see how you look while you're chatting on camera, users feel awkward and hide the self camera. The advertisements were heartwarming showing family video chatting a member in the military to be able to check up on face to face. Your computer has someone there chatting with you in the screen. Amazing ap	irrelevant information
A little obtuse in its interface, but useable.	irrelevant information
Updating the UI is one thing, but why would you make it completely different from the desktop app? It's such a bad experience. Not even considering that it doesn't work. Changing channels doesn't load new stuff in the content portion of the screen. Before the worst bug was gifs not loading sometimes, but now nothing but notifications work. No exaggeration.	bug report
Discord is an really amazing app for chats and messages,communications. My account was disabled from the discord and I talked to the support Discord team and, The Discord India services is very fast that I entered the message and boom My account came back. The Discord is a great app I have ever seen. Thanks (Ved! here)	feature request
It appears my concerns were addressed... Not as sluggish or resource hungry and is no longer asking take over my calling and texting every time I open the app. It's a free service with options to rid yourself of ads etc which is only fair.... Coders and servers cost money. Given that this is based in Waterloo ... Why aren't you in Canada yet? 4 stars for making things easier. Like I said in my last review... This app literally had saved my life. Come to Canada, there's the fifth star!	feature request
A bit clunky loading on android, recommend create your account via microsoft desktop or something first. Otherwise is providing a useful service between providers.	bug report
My app isn't letting me hear anybody when I call them	bug report
While in a video call, the app should allow the user to type in some things in a chat window on the side	feature request
heartbreaking actually. went from being my #1, to blackberry messenger with stories. I will uninstall when they force the removal of sms. RIP SIGNAL	bug report
Love the ability to talk to a group of people all at the same time. Nice to see when someone got my message also.	irrelevant information
Better for group's information sharing than a text group.	irrelevant information
Overall a great app! But, please please please add an option to hide the navigation bar (and then move the call log to the three-dotted menu). There is a lot of wasted space at the bottom and top due to this design. Would be great to have the option to customise it to the user's taste.	feature request
So far not bad at all. Was fast, easy, convenient, free, fast,and efficient Thank you for the free texting it truly helps out here in rural areas.	irrelevant information
Posted pictures are not appearing. Just the refresh circle with the arrow. I have to Uninstall then install to see posted pictures. Why? I have to do it EVERY DAY. Sending a message to support is a joke - it was bounced back as undeliverable.	bug report
Skype is a wonderful program to use it keeps all your contacts in one place and messages and everything I love it oh I'm giving it a review	irrelevant information
Constantly crashing calls if im doing anything with my device that isnt directly in the discord app, will dc me at random if I'm not doing anything Really annoying	bug report
The desktop verison of Discord is fantastic. However the mobile app's recent update has been a massive downgrade in quality. Everything is more disjointed and disconnected than ever before, navigating the UI is not a good experience. The darkmode color was changed snd is now nauseating to look at. Before things flowed so smoothly and now it's just bad, generic even, it just looks like any other social media now.	feature request
Lots of ads no phone it seems is company with the free plan no ads u have to order one of their phones u can offer a compatable phone to get with the free active service	bug report
I've been using this app off and on for years. Just recently, on an everyday basis. It's ok. Sometimes calls drop or you can't hear. My main problem with this...All the sudden either I can't text or I don't receive text. I tried support but it's literally a tutorial video or troubleshooting tips. Did NOT help with my problem.	bug report
Keeps hiding streams so I can only see one when I'm in several so I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling the app because it's the only thing that fixes it so I can access all chats and view all the information I need for uni work.	bug report
Haven't tried it but am bout to give it a shot. based on reviews from others am pretty skeptical but am giving it 2 stars	irrelevant information
It sucks trying to get it to work right. Verizon is no help at all	bug report
ITS THE NEW UI I MISSED THE LIGHT PURPLE WITH A GREYIS THEME BRING IT BACK	feature request
Works well for texting and had no problems with calling. However, there is a limit of 60 minutes free calling.	feature request
This app lag alot. Notifications are always late. Lots of bugs. Calls are not good	bug report
Every time I open the app I click on login and then it crashes!	bug report
The app itself is good. The poll option is a good idea but doesn't work effectively. It only shows the individuals poll not the collective poll and it's no way to go back and edit it or look at all responses once it closed.	feature request
it's my second favorite app for free calling and texting. Second favorite because it's not customizable and not cute. Like I can't change the colors or appearance. I can't place a wallpaper behind a conversation. No dark theme. Stuff like that. And I have to watch videos to get minutes for calling. it's the same video over and over. it's easy to do but kind of annoying. not a huge deal though to me. I text mostly anyway.	feature request
its okay. there's a stupid limit on the amount of mb you can send for a video or photo. i recently started getting a new problem where now, every video i send goes in bad quality and doesn't look good. please fix this, and the annoying limit of the videos and photos. ive come back to edit; i was just about to watch a video my friend sent but it now won't even play the video. please actually fix these stupid issues that people shouldnt even have to worry about.	bug report
The new UI is terrible every time I go to dms or a server it lags and it doesn't even show me that I click on things	bug report
My app won't open. Keeps crashing and when it did open it wouldnt notify me if I got a text, I have to keep refreshing the app	bug report
Updating my review: It's now year 3 with Signal and the application is starting to take up storage. I hope they can introduce more storage management features like adding more options to the "keep messages" for instance I would like to keep all messages forever but automatically delete media that are older than one year or six months. Also we still don't have pinned messages. Something you would think is a basic modern messaging feature still lacking. Everything else about the app is great.	feature request
It keeps crashing for 5-15 seconds after launching.. Tried clearing cache.. *edit Just reinstall the app. This should work.	bug report
Code no longer comes on tax free application bad app	bug report
Great experience so far. Like the ability to have an alternate number for others to contact me without having to log around another phone. Keep up the awesome work and improve the app even more.	feature request
internet nor the other person. It's really annoying and it's making me lean	bug report
The old Skype that I've been using for 15 years freezes all the time, but hopefully this new Google Skype is free. Hopefully it won't freeze.	irrelevant information
Removed SMS support	irrelevant information
Great thanks	irrelevant information
I made a lot of friends 😊	irrelevant information
I love this app and everything about it but I'm so angry they disabled the non-encrypted sms capabilities. Now I have to use two different messaging apps just to text the people I regularly communicate with. And everyone else's messaging apps are garbage. Please bring back sms 😥	feature request
Doesn't have any sound when the call starts... Don't know what to do!	bug report
I get noo notifications when I get a message through the app unless the app is open in the background of my phone	bug report
Sometimes calls are broken up and the inability to hear what is being said is jumbled as if there is interference. And there are times texts are delayed.	bug report
I love Signal, but it's really disappointing I can't use it as my primary SMS.	feature request
Pretty good WiFi calling. Always use this WiFi text & call app vs ALL others when my regular phone # is out of order. I absolutely hate ads , but I can deal with them to have some sort of contact when other phone is unavailable and I'm near WiFi. Definitely, recommend as the go to WiFi text/call app.	feature request
Haven't been getting any notifications l, but really good to communicate	bug report
Would rate 0 stars if i could. App doesn't even let you do anything without paying, even though it calls itself free.	bug report
So far so good!! We use it at work for getting messages back and forth.	irrelevant information
The new UI is in one word: a bloody disaster. It's hard to navigate, wasn't even needed in the first place and now, worse of all; you removed the one button to go hack to the old UI. By this point, I am convinced that pissing off the community was an intentional move.	feature request
Pretty good, been glitchy when multiple polls are posted	bug report
It did not work when I tried to sigh in with Google	bug report
I waa removed from all my groups today randomly, I can have individual conversations but that defeats the purpose of the app. Please fix	bug report
The odd time the calls won't go through but overall is fine.	bug report
I really like this app , it lets me stay in touch and connect with people I care about in my Post Covid support group	irrelevant information
It lags a lot but its great for talking to my friends	bug report
Please go back to the old layout. This is terrible for mobile.	feature request
Doesn't work. Asked me to upgrade to get verification codes and after I paid money and set it up, the codes don't come. Do not use this app!! Steals your money!!!	bug report
The new UI sucks and is much more cluttered in my opinion. You can see less channels at a time and I personally don't like the new tab to separate messages from the servers. The old design was much better, this change was useless and worse and doesn't even work. You can't see your pinned messages when you click to the tab, they just don't show up. Even if you pinned the message a second ago. Links or media also does not show up. It wasn't broken before, why "fix" it?	feature request
I mean it seems like it has potential but it doesn't let you text new numbers unless it's part of your contact list. I don't have a phone right now. I'm using a tablet which linka to contacts I had stored in Google. Google didn't save all the contacts as it should and now I can't reach out to those contacts since this app only allows you to text current contacts. Defeats my purpose of dowloading it. You should mention that in your description 😒	bug report
I absolutely hate the new UI swiping from the right is reply and not the regular users in channel and the monstrosity that right swipe brings up. Tried the site and my user name and password did not wish and the "forgot password" never sent an email to change. Seems very fishy, so no feedback	bug report
send many mass text messages. The biggest problem I have is you can't	feature request
I've had this app for a while and never had any major issues with it until the most recent update ive tried on multiple devices but i cant turn down the volue of individual members in a call and if im in a call and try to cheak on a different server or even cheak dms the app crashes completely. If id rated this app even 2 weeks ago i woulf have been 5/5 but with recent issues its become frustrating just to talk with friends.	bug report
I put numbers in and they don't work and I can't put it on my tablet	bug report
last updates caused to unstable work. may turn off several times for one month minutes	bug report
Massive L with removing SMS support, it no longer has a way to seamlessly start using the ecosystem, relegating it to the likes of telegram and other IM apps. It was fine before but I no longer have much use for it and it'll be a nuisance app that I have to convince people will no longer be a great way of reaching me.	feature request
Trash. Impossible to sign up because sending or receiving a pin doesn't work. Great work!	bug report
New UI just flat out sucks, the old UI was perfectly fine.	feature request
Used for years , now with ads it locks up and makes texting slow . Can't keep it , looking for a new app.deleted.problem solved .	bug report
ui update is real bad. the kpi hunting product ghouls who masterminded this should be sacked.	bug report
Very buggy experience, too many bugs to keep track of at this point. The web/app version is much better.	bug report
Somewhat a bit confusing to use at first. But it takes time.	irrelevant information
I regret updating. Newest version broken. Worked perfecrly fine before i manually updated, except for one event not showing up. And the update made it so it crashes everytime i view that event.	bug report
Typical wifi calling app	irrelevant information
version that my account id was saved so that I could open it conveniently	feature request
I purchased $5 worth of credits. Checked my wallet it says .01 cents. Got scammed.	bug report
How the hell you guys broke an app that was already broken?	bug report
Arduous security, dropped calls and confusing UI.	bug report
very bad in terms of calls	bug report
Keeps disabling my account for violating terms. But don't give any specifics as to what I did. So 1 star until they fix this issue then I'll gladly give it 5	bug report
I've experienced a good feeling while I was speaking for the first time	irrelevant information
Very bad :( i got friends and they betrayed me. Internet is bad!	irrelevant information
It doesn't ring it just keep popping up missed calls	bug report
When  Iinstalled and teied to make an account wouldnt work.	bug report
Like WhatsApp but without Zuckerberg reading your messages. Works well, I have one friend who suffers the occasional lapse in notifications but otherwise it is awesome.	irrelevant information
Ads, crashes, and needs bug fixes. Same as every other app on the net. Ugh!?! When will a good texting app be released!?! And wtf is with the non-working pic messaging!?!	bug report
I use it to communicate with my staff, i makes a great tool. Still a large app. Pictures don't transfer that well. It would help if there was only one notification instead of 30 when you haven't checked your phone.	feature request
The new UI update sucks and is annoying. Index doesn't work either	bug report
This takes 2 minutes for the app to load and then it goes to a different person that you want to take to.	bug report
4 Stars, because when you send me the 6 numbers and I type in the 6 numbers and I clicked verify and it didn't work. I tried it again and I still didn't work Discord, please fix this bug.	bug report
Stop following RELIGION!	irrelevant information
People on the other line always tell me i go silent when i call. ALWAYS. I can hear them but they can't hear me after 2 minutes. I had to call someone 6 times for a 7 minute conversation. There are NO settings to change, and i have reset my phone. Sometimes my phone wont even ring. Illjust get a notification of a missed call. Judging by reviews, this is a issue on the developers side of the app going on for over 8 months.	bug report
Been using for over a year now. It worked great while I had my S4 but I've had my S5 for about two weeks now and it hasn't once sent me a notification that I have new messages even though notifications is turned on	bug report
Everything is great except for the profile picture. it's awful. It has 2 options of editing, which is fine, but it automatically "suggests" what your pfp should look like. It zooms in whenever it feels like, and there's no way of zooming back out. Just getting rid of this auto suggesting would make the process easier. And emoticons like >:( and :) Automatically turn into emojis with no way to turn it off	feature request
I can't send or receive a simple text. A total waste of time	bug report
Doesn't work for verification codes. Ask to download a third party app which is sus	bug report
Its ben good but if you want to delete someone its hard to.	feature request
Way better than WhatsApp for groups and communities.	irrelevant information
Is there a delete option to delete certain messages/old messages?	feature request
Great when I can't afford my bill or don't want certain people to have my real information!	irrelevant information
Im missing minutes thats my only complaint	bug report
For the old version. This new one doesn't let me sign in. Since Microsoft brought this software everything wrong. I've started with German version many years ago, and been simple a worked perfectly.	bug report
This has helped me stay upnwith my classmates. As a older non-traditonal studemt this has helped me a lot.	irrelevant information
When Someone sends you a link to join a group. When you select the group and choose join group in app, you get an error message. And when you try to search by group name, the group won't come up, only popular groups. Please fix! When someone sends you a link for a group, you're unable to join via the app or Web browser on your phone.	bug report
Absolute trash app - I've spent days searching online for a fix and have tirelessly tried again and again to get notifications to work. Useless if I have to constantly check it to see if I got new messages.	bug report
were gone. Used app on a second phone and was very disappointed seeing my	feature request
Have had this app for 4 years now and use it almost daily. I wish you could choose an area code like TextFREE app. The texting gets the job done so I'd give it, 🌟 🌟 🌟. But can be still so so laggy and glitchy at times .. Even on Wi-Fi. So aggravating. Try to keep text conversations/replies short. As far as calling.. I give it 🌟and 1/2. Never finish a call to the end, always cuts out, drops or you just can't hear the caller or they can't hear you. But works in a pinch, I guess.	feature request
Wonderful. Works as expected. Ads have minor effect on preformace. No issues with calls, push notifications, It works. I'd rate at a 5 if we could have a reward of like no ads for a month or so.	irrelevant information
Some bugs and glitches need to be solved other wise it's good 👍	bug report
Loss of SMS support was a bad decision and made the app worthless to me as only a handful of contacts also used it. It's a shame because this has been my default app since it launched way back when red phone was its companion for phone calls. If I could I'd give it zero stars for this asinine reduction in user function	feature request
It so fast and cool	irrelevant information
Great for discussions	irrelevant information
What does "60 minutes free" mean? After using the 60 minutes will I be able to use the number?	feature request
I tried to change my information (email and phone number)and keep getting looped around the web site. It's frustrating!! I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times to no avail. I have several communities I cannot participate in because of this... If there was a 0 I would put that.	bug report
I like Band App better. You can do more things with Band App and if you need to upload a file larger than 1 min, you don't have to cut it up like in this app. Very frustrating	irrelevant information
ok the sorriest phone app I have ever seen don't I am going to the world now it downloaded from play store it worked fine but when you don't upgrade it quits working JUNK	bug report
A mostly good app but regardless of their updates . If you send more than 10 pictures within a minute it blocks texts for nearly 13 hours . I'm beginning to think it would do this every time . And as my only response was that I was blocked when the person who was still texting me asking if I was OKAY DIDNT BLOCK ME I'd say fix your app and I'll rate it five stars all day .	bug report
Would be better if I received calls while the app was closed as well. Also, would pay for ad free if it wasn't so expensive! Like really $10/month? How about $10/year! Bet more people would do it!	feature request
Why does it say it's doesn't work on what'sapp that's what annoys me it tells me to pick a number I do but it doesn't work🤨	bug report
I can never answer a call, it will say the call is good quality but the person calling can never hear me....	bug report
If only i never updated the app they removed essential features such as being able to search for sentences in chat they even removed the scroll to the side thing that lets you see all the mods owners and bots	feature request
I thought Internet WiFi was included with current plan.	irrelevant information
You have more bugs to fix please fix it	bug report
I've been having an issue with pictures other people send not loading and now the recent update with the events calendar doesn't show when people sign up. that was a useful feature	bug report
The new version is a disaster. The gui design is illogical. Moreover, it won't allow me to switch to different account - it automatically logs back in immediately after I log out.	bug report
I have paid 5 dollars twice an account still saying 10 cents please fix.!!	bug report
I found this app when I had couldn't pay my bill, thank goodness it save me many times I've used this for about 2 to 3 years now it had no issues. Now I'm not able to downloaded. Go figure now it's free to use.	bug report
Texts are constantly deleted when I open them. Have gig speed internet so it's not that. It's the service. Calls are dropped terrible.	bug report
Comes recomended	irrelevant information
I put wrong ph number and can't change it	bug report
Do not install this app, it will automatically install 3rd party apps... Consider it malware	irrelevant information
Thank you for the response, I now change my rating. It's good but, sometimes it auto logs me out my discord and it takes a few minutes to get back in each time. But overall I give this 4 stars(Edit) Hey um? I give this 3 stars now mostly because when I get into the app the screeen freezes and I have to delete the game a reinstall it.	bug report
It's really slow but fun to put wallpaper though	irrelevant information
new update is terrible. even without the update there are so many bugs that it makes it borderline unusable sometimes. it sucks.	bug report
Well done im happy now	irrelevant information
it's nice, I've been using it for a while, but the network error issue still isn't fixed.	bug report
Should show last seen timing	feature request
Your auto renewal is messed up your service	bug report
It's good but it won't let me get the free trial of nitro to see how it works but overall it's really good	bug report
Great app, and I like how you can even do polls in it. One thing I'd love to see is the ability to message more than one person in a "chat" group at a time. To have "sub groups" in your overall main group. That would put this on par with similar apps like Slack.	feature request
This app is so good for calling I always call my cuzin I always get good quality from the app	irrelevant information
I hate the new update I love the old version of discord I like the new version I want the old one back	feature request
The app stopped me from texting after a while and really upset me and my contact list. I then had to uninstall the app and re download it.	bug report
It is very very SLOW. And when I try to call, sometimes people can't hear me and it glitches. Please fix this!	bug report
I am quite disappointed. The new UI update looks terrible in my opinion and I'd prefer to have the UI resemble the desktop version. it's just an opinion but I still don't like the UI overhaul. not my thing.	feature request
Used to be good but now it takes HOURSbto receive or send a message.	bug report
Dont download. The "free mins" of this app are not as available as they	bug report
I don't if it is my reception , I cant even hear	bug report
I've been using it for a while but now my text messages hasnt been going through for the person I've been texting	bug report
This recent update.... 2 stars just for this color. The rest is fine, I guess. But the vibes are off.	irrelevant information
I recommend using this app for it's capability of safe, secure and easy to use functionality.	irrelevant information
great glad they let me keep my number despite not a lot of activity. It be nice if they gave me a free month of plus after several referrals but otherwise best of the Voip Free talk and text services	feature request
0ysafe way to text and talk.	irrelevant information
Meh..... The app did what it said it would it made phone calls and received text it did not do it in a seamless way it's not doing any timely way and the ads completely blocked the interface so you can't even get to the numbers half the time or see the messages that you have waiting in queue. Now I'm locked out of the app and the website and you can't gain access without your old email accounts which is just silly everyone should have security questions at the very least as a safeguard. Whtvs	bug report
Sale tour info but I recommend for emergency only	irrelevant information
Since the latest FORCED update, earlier this year, this app has had 1 main irritant/bug; replies to my message don't come through until AFTER I've sent ANOTHER reply myself, THEN it instantly appears BELOW my reply. It's not a constant issue but it happens multiple times every day. The app worked fine BEFORE this FORCED update. 🤷🏻 I've even manually updated to the latest version but, the issue is still there, exactly as it's been for the last few weeks. Hoping it'll be fixed ASAP..... 🤞🏻	bug report
Goated app	irrelevant information
I was using group text before group me. The problem with the group text was adding and deleting members in and out of the group. With group me it's much easier to have the members delete themselves from the group as well as some members phones did not except as many members as other members phones, which led to fractured groups in the text. Well, group me has done away with all my group texting problems.	feature request
When i lost my phone for a bit my number had expired which did happen before and i know that happens if the number isnt used, but everytime i go to get a new one it says "something webt wrong, please try again later" even after updating and reinstalling the app :[	bug report
Have used Signal for over a year and liked it quite well, but if they're disabling SMS support, I will have to find another messaging app. I simply will have no use for it if I can only communicate w/ other Signal users	feature request
They are removing sms support. Will be useless as a mesaaging app for anyone who doesnt want to switch apps for half of their convos.	feature request
Thanks I'm happy with app	irrelevant information
Is very pro and solid app but could use a tiny bit of work	feature request
buggy the app auto rotates if I tilt my phone and auto rotation is turned off on my phone	bug report
Glitches all the time. I have a new issue where I can't bring up the number pad when on call. Every month there seems to be a new issue.	bug report
I've yet with many attempts try and tried to make and receive and it's no good at all	bug report
My sim card is not working with my phone, even though they said it would	bug report
Boycott	irrelevant information
It sucks without the sms support.. Will be getting rid of app	bug report
As of right now, it wont let me sign up	bug report
Discord is awesome but app not really. Drains battery extremely fast, laggy and bad UX	bug report
Very slow and heavy app, if i do video call all other things get hanged	bug report
Chat messages start rendering incorrectly if you send a message and then someone else deletes your message. The erased message forces itself to stay in view after new messages comes in	bug report
Videos are sideways and blurry. Messages don't always send.	bug report
It's cool, but I can't block the pain in the butte people	feature request
Tooo slow ...🤬🤬 💬 Smh I would have full bars on wifi/mobile data && it'll take couple minutes just to open textnow && it freezes some times , but it does the job . I guess 🙄	bug report
bro it's good but I dont like when the verify email thing show up bro	feature request
When I tap into the app, it says loading. After leaving the app alone for hours it still continues to say loading. -_- Help!!	bug report
GroupMe is the ideal means to remain in touch with the people that matter most. With GroupMe, you can easily remain connected with your family and friends without ever having to leave your application. Simply enter their contact number or e-mail address, as well as GroupMe will maintain you updated on the current happenings with them. You can also share pictures and also video clips, and also stay in touch also when you're not together. GroupMe is free-and-easy to use, so you can communicate wit	irrelevant information
Excellent app to communicate with a large group of people versus group text messaging.	feature request
Seriously though, why can't I delete a conversation with someone who has written me, like a one on one conversation? That's just obnoxious.	feature request
Better then texting. Just don't open any links from anyone you dont trust	irrelevant information
I am missing the old discord GUI, The new one is so confusing, I hope you get the old one back.	feature request
Usually it'd be 4/5 to 5/5, but the new discord layout is messing me up way too much. I would like to go back to the previous layout please. Even my friends are looking into ways of modding it back Edit: Seems you can just switch back to old layout via appearance, I don't recall if it tells you or not, but thankfully you let that be a thing.	feature request
Text free, you only got 4 out of 5 because nothing in this world is perfect but you app is pretty close	irrelevant information
I don't want everyone to have my important stuff please	irrelevant information
Overall, Discord is Awesome! But, it does have a few flaws. For example, lets say I get onto a call. A normal call at about 3:00. It sometimes does glitch and I have to close the call. But again, overall, AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	feature request
Video on Video Call is not Rotating along with the Phone Rotation. Chats are not appearing sometimes.	bug report
PAYING TO LOOK AT VERIFICATIONS WHAT IS THAT	bug report
if it will allow you to place a call, as no matter how strong the wifi	feature request
SMS support removal was a mistake for various reasons which I'm not gonna cover in this review. Shame.	feature request
Sometime,, i use voice chat,, not clear to listen	bug report
this new ui is awful. no user of this app wants this. i have been using discord mobile for years and this may be the thing that makes me finally delete it.	feature request
When it works it's good call Quality can be good one time and really bad the next they need to have a better quality how can it have bad connection on a phone that has service	bug report
it's an okay app but with lot of racial slurs and comments in it that shouldn't be going on and should b reported every single time that their doing it and blocked out from using the app.......people r in disguise really don't know if it's regular people or police using these racial slurs bc both b on this app....playing the games.....	irrelevant information
People aren't receiving my pictures and I'm getting messages late	bug report
New UI is terrible and they don't give an option to make it optional. Desktop version absolutely destroys this new bad mobile update	feature request
Once more, an update has greatly crippled my usage of Discord. AMOLED Dark Mode is no longer an option and this was a driving feature that made me use the app.	feature request
Amazing app, just don't loose your backup codes	feature request
With SMS support, 5 stars. Without, 1 star. Hope the terrible decision to drop SMS support doesn't kill the app.	feature request
Ok so there WAY to many bugs you guys left unchecked like "not being able to rejoin a group chat you were removed from when you ask the moderator to be readded" Loading BUTTON TAKES TO ******* LONG LIKE FIX THESE BUG and if you don't then this will remain the same	bug report
i was sexually insulted but overall there are some cool and nice people	irrelevant information
its always crashed in my phone.	bug report
Worked great for months now it is crashed and wont allow me to use it	bug report
I've been trying to use this but I can't because my phone number changed and I can't change my number on the app. I have emailed groupme about a week ago and still haven't received a response.....	bug report
rooting the device, i can now laugh at them and use my app add free without	feature request
I love discord and have used it for years, it's just a simple yet multimedia kind of chat app where you can make your own custom servers and profiles, though some things are locked behind a heavy paywall like nitro which lets you have GIFs as a profile and allows you to have a banner which technically should be simple customisation options, but they do have a shop which you can buy effects but you can't make your own.? So they're all produced by discord so they can access more money.	feature request
It was working for a minute then I tried to text my aunt. I had to recreate her contact 3 times the exact same way as the  original contact. This too k a while. I wouldnt be happy if I jad to do it again.	bug report
Haven't had a chance to use it yet	irrelevant information
This app is good at all but you cannot save contacts anymore i tried to but it only says phone number and not the name fix this	bug report
The new up date took the emojis off :( please put them back on!!!!!!	feature request
only had it a few days but so far I like it	irrelevant information
New generation social media. Its includes features from lots of kind social media	irrelevant information
Amazing I can now chat and talk with my friends.	irrelevant information
This is a great app for security, but I'm not getting any notifications unless the app is open, and then only sporadically. I've tried everything recommended: the app is up-to-date, permissions enabled. But it's still not resolved, and it's been this way since I downloaded it years ago. I don't know what to do... I've missed a fair few opportunities and had a good number of people think I'm a jerk for not responding, when I actually just didn't know I had a message.	bug report
The name is literally text free even though they charge a monthly fee???	bug report
It's annoying that I have to install and uninstall in order to be able to see my txt.please fix this	bug report
Feels like they've become a slave to their investors, who long ago have been paid back and now greedily demand more and more. Constant demands to subscribe to nitro, changing things without regard for user experience. Only use it because I have to in order to talk to my friends.	feature request
It is an amazing app I personally use it for my church Jr. Youth but, it's still amazing.	irrelevant information
Very good app and quality is also good	irrelevant information
Yeah........... I was TRYING to verify my email so this isn't fair. I cannot message that. Cuz I was verifying my email now.... I'm very confused. So this app is natural.	bug report
Used to be my favourite app to chat to friend on my phone but using it now is a chore. The UX design is terrible.	feature request
Before I don't know what to do I trying ask some of my friend but they just laugh at me so I'm so depressed and hopeless for no almost a year still I don't know what to do and don't understand what they want because I'm computer illiterate but they guide me and I'm so happy that they came and It trust them,,,100% For guidance	irrelevant information
Great place to do group chats simple and easy	irrelevant information
I love being able to chat with my friends from any of my electronics as well as having an easy way to chat with groups.	irrelevant information
I cannot figure out how to erase contacts and messages.	feature request
I used before and this was amazing. Now it! Has to many adds	bug report
I've been using Signal for years. Now that they are dropping SMS, I along with everybody I know who uses it, will be uninstalling. Shame. I'd buy puts if I could.	irrelevant information
It's okay to text. For some reason I can only make calls when I have wifi. I was able to call using my data on my phone. What happen?	bug report
Should be able to delete or edit	feature request
Not sure still new to this	irrelevant information
I can't see pics when they are shared. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and it just does it again.	bug report
Fake Chinese app😂😂🤣🤣👎👎	irrelevant information
Trouble connecting when calling and then sometimes the other end can't hear me	bug report
I have had this app for a few year and I have been using verification codes ever since when I tried a verification code it didn't work it says I need to upgrade my account and I need a new version something like that even though I have been using codes for a long time now	bug report
We cant get code in iran please fix it	bug report
i enjoy useing your app, but it seem to freeze up and shut apps, down. sometimes i uninstall then reinstall the textnow app, to get it work again. overall when the textnow app, is working it works great.	bug report
This app was super faster but now its becoming slow down gradually	bug report
Its good to send a text but wen I try to call someone I keep getting the whoops message nd I have a lot of minutes plz fix this	bug report
Decent app for texting, tried to buy minutes and they charged me but I	bug report
Zero customer service. Paid for international calling. They charged the amount, but it was not added to the account. Tried to reach customer service and no luck.	bug report
Too many ads...hard to find where to enter the text sometimes.	feature request
So much easier then having to start a new text group when someone leaves or is new to our work.	feature request
Simple and user friendly	irrelevant information
Here lately I have to send a text twice cause the first always fails every time I would give 5 stars if fixed remember better reviews means more people to download your app thanks if you can	bug report
I love this for people who's phone are off to but to much adds	feature request
This app is hacked by police , and i suggest everybody not to download	irrelevant information
Call quality could be better and ffs stop with the popups WHILE i'm typing. I'm halfway through a message to my boss and i end up on google play or some website. Not cool	bug report
I have just two problems. First, the login process. Every time I try to login to my account, it says email or password incorrect while my every detail is neatly written, I always have to say forgt password twice before I can regain access of my account. This is really frustrating and I need a way to get ahold of my previous account. Secondly, the mojis, they look like nothing, they come out big which is good but their graphics are very far from where we know. I not great concept. If not great ap	bug report
It would be nice to be able to manage chats by deleting what has already been read or at least the option to do so	feature request
Allways great!!	irrelevant information
I use this for work. It's come in handy since the powers that be don't want us gathered for informational meetings/general work info. So this is a perfect solution for Covid-19. We get the pertinent info without being at risk, real social distance. The only downside I've experienced is i didn't wanna download to take up more space on my phone, so the text messages i recieved were perfect. Since i don't chat i was deactivated and had to download. A user guide would help us less tech savy folks.	irrelevant information
Why can't I update the app on my phone and when I uninstall it won't downloaded again	bug report
It's OK but can you like  make different accounts wahn you use different gamil but same password please	feature request
Best app for message and group work	irrelevant information
Good for texting people youu don't want having real number	irrelevant information
slow to send & receive messages. I have tried on multiple Wi-Fi so it's not just my house. The other thing I don't like is the ad that goes right over the text box & you press close & it don't leave so fast to see what your typing.	bug report
It sucks can only change number 2 time's dumb	bug report
Its easy to use and easy to get minutes	irrelevant information
Voice message does not play on any mobile device. I logged in my Skype account many devic e.. still same issue	bug report
Tried to download four five times always ends up the same way. leaving me hanging I don't care how good it is if you can't download it and use it it's worth nothing to anyone......	bug report
Dropped my internet connection and no matter what I do will not let me back on	bug report
I love the service.	irrelevant information
Very easy to use.i don't have enough friends using this to give an aceret opinion on it's value in communication. The few people I use it with are satisfied with its function as a message carrier. It fits my needs for talking with others using this app.I have not used it that way.	irrelevant information
Great for emergency situations and free with less ads than any ive found so far.	irrelevant information
I wish you'd add an edit function. Also, I HATE HATE HATE that my pinky way too communicate with you is through email. I have had problems and have not been able till contact you to fix them. If I had another choice out there besides groupme I'd surely try it.	feature request
A great app .. But you make so you can recieve codes if you locked out of accounts for any reason .. You cant receive them on your textnow app .. Only if you pay for it.. And if its your primary number ..then it maks it hard to get a code .	feature request
first off- the notifications come in late for texts and calls. 2nd- the group chat messenges come in scrambled up and out of order, which makes things confusing	bug report
Enjoyed very well.thanks about that.....	irrelevant information
Very, interesting app!	irrelevant information
It's good except the app crashes if I check my profile or if I try to change anything about my profile, fix this please	bug report
I just really love 😘 this app. Especially when I get the upgrade. It's my main phone	irrelevant information
It's good but it doesn't have Nintendo connection	feature request
New Phone update look is trash	feature request
formatting sucks nobody asked for a revamp it was fine the way it was	feature request
Unavailable to video chat	bug report
it's the app I appreciate, clean streams	irrelevant information
Got a new number and it will NOT let me change it on my account I've even tried to go to the website I can not update the number so it won't ever leave me logged in we use it for work updates so I miss the time line a lot of the time	bug report
It's good for texting but when it comes to the non stop ads that you can't click off of its horrible. I won't even touch the ad and it automatically downloads things on my phone. Whatever ad pops up that's now downloaded on my phone and I'm deleting a new app every time I use it it's absolutely exhausting.	bug report
I no longer would rate 5 stars because they are removing sms support. If youre tech savvy enough to use this, you're tech savvy enough to know sms isn't secure and who is using it.	feature request
6/2023: I've had a few months of a weird glitch where no notifications come through unless I manually open the app. It's happening on all three separate accounts. Very frustrating. There doesn't seem to be an update to fix the issue? Prior review: So far this has been great. The things I text about don't pop up as advertisements on my phone later! 😍	bug report
a few problems. major problem; you cant delete a photo or video from the gallery.	bug report
Seems to have rebooted itself n asking for all credentials and permission again.. time wasting	bug report
Stupid, doesn't receive verification codes. Uninstalling ripoff	bug report
I don't like that it's confusing	feature request
This app is very good its has no issue for me	irrelevant information
It would be most helpful if you could search within all of the chats keywords to find conversations that relate to that keyword	feature request
More difficult to share information than other apps and data did not transfer when I got a new phone	bug report
The new update is terrible, its annoying to navigate, can't swipe left in servers and chats to see the people in the server, I don't need a quick swipe action to reply to people l, i would rather be able to swipe left in chats to see the people in the chats/server. I hate having chats in a separate tab, it glitches out constantly	feature request
Does not execute properly.	bug report
I used it before it was a good app but now it makes me buy things to see what they send me so I don't know if I like it as much	irrelevant information
Calls drop, some calls can't connect, sometimes you can't even use the app.	bug report
It is adding txt to every message I send. FROM YOUR FRIEND OH DONNY BOY. very annoying.	bug report
Best messaging app. Love the end-to-end encryption	irrelevant information
I would normally give this app 5 star rating but for the last 2 days it's not been responding.	bug report
I wish they could add some sort of a safety feature. This would make the kids that are younger safer to be on discord. If they could do something like this it would be amazing.	feature request
I used to love this app ! It was perfect while I didn't have service on my phone . I downloaded it yesterday && it only shows me my messages when I open the app . I have missed very important time sensitive messages becuz of this . && yes I have checked my settings to make sure they are correct && they are . Plz fix this , downloading another app until then . ✌	bug report
It's been OK. But it's not the easiest way to get ahold of people when you have to go to a free wifi connection to get internet access. But otherwise I'll survive	irrelevant information
pretty good I guess	irrelevant information
It good only thing that needs improvement Is when someone is receiving a call on discord you can see them calling you but off discord you dont so yeah. Overall its a really good app	feature request
Easy Functionality	irrelevant information
My groupme stopped working all of a sudden. My groups no longer update	bug report
You suck as a phone app	irrelevant information
Great app for chatting and hanging out with friends. Is simple and new user friendly. Great visuals. Lots of fun. Need a stable enough internet network to work as it provides/promotes. Sending pictures is a bit annoying though, for me they show up as links and I can't fix it without contacting a staff member.(they fix my pictures problem, very happy)	feature request
Not having a good experience.....	bug report
It works fine now,thank you😁	irrelevant information
cool free number to text and call	irrelevant information
Great message app.	irrelevant information
Everytime someone calls it won't ring or tell me until I go on the app	bug report
Soon as the app opens, it goes out. Says "textnow app has a bug, try to update in playstore". My app is the latest version, never had this happen before. How do I fix	bug report
Put a option to show who is online	feature request
Ridiculous slow ,high priced calls drop that's if you can get app to works.also they high jack any otp code and.make you pay to get them whats wrong with this greedy world 🌎 😒 and God knows what they do with your security codes really has to makes u wonder I.dont recommend these ppl just look at what they put other customers through in comments below !!! Judge for yourself after reading those it's appalling behavior waste of time with this app	bug report
I wanted a verification code, but it just doesn't let you without paying $8	feature request
My app finally updated and the ui is so bad. I hope it gets fixed soon because this is insanity	feature request
I use the wifi for my calls , too much static, drop calls and after you watched a bunch of videos to get minutes it's like it's gone within 5-10 minutes .. I thought wifi-calling was for Wi-Fi but no there's always a catch... Thanks for your reply and generous offer but I don't want anything for free. Just make sure it doesn't happen again. Thanks again.. Angel	bug report
Very well constructed	irrelevant information
Keeps telling me I have to turn on native text messaging in order to keep texting from it, but my bff (who introduced the app to me) told me that hers isn't doing that. It also won't let me send pics without native text messaging being turned on. IF I WAS YOU, I WOULDNT DOWNLOAD IT. ITS NOT WORTH IT.	bug report
The negative points I see in Skype is that : 1. It doesn't have SELECT ALL and DELETE OPTION for messages .   2. It's not opening someone's profile pic to show it bigger	feature request
I can't use Bluetooth headset with video or voice calls. There's no any option to turn it on. Headset works perfect with other apps.	bug report
Calls are always dropping	bug report
I'm just pretty good no complications, still 🙃	irrelevant information
Chose my number, verified email and try to send a text, app tells me my number expired and i need to logout and pick a new number. Did that, app picks up a random number automatically and get the same message. Tried it 6 times, same results	bug report
Bro what is this new UI.?!? nobody likes it from what I can see throughout your fanbase. This better be changed idc about your support form	feature request
there is a guy who wrote on 3\30\19 that said he "sleeps with his gf on Skype" hahahahahahahaha. is that the definition of being whipped or what? i guess it could just be co dependency but i think that's still an issue too! lolz the stuff you hear these days just keeps getting funnier all time. thanks for the laughs!!!	irrelevant information
Need more NOTIFICATION settings just like the PC version. When contacts...come online, goes offline, starts an IM with me, etc. I can't determine who is online or offline. Go back to the older version, please!	feature request
It's actually very good	irrelevant information
It was a good app untill they changed the aperince of the app. Nows its so ugly that i dont want to use it. Good app, bad design.	feature request
Thumbs down on the new version, you can't archive multiple chats at once any more, single select only. Why remove this feature?	feature request
I'm sorry but until Skype improves a bit more, I won't be going back. Discord App is better lol	irrelevant information
FREKAING SCARES ME WHEN CALLNG DOESNT LET ME TEXT NOR CALL	bug report
Great when it wants to work but horrible when it does not.	bug report
Worked great prior to the most recent update. Lots of bugs related to visual elements not displaying properly such as disappearing messages, changing servers and rooms not rendering the newly chosen room and or server, etc. Closing or swiping away the app fixes it for some time, but then it breaks again. New UI takes more swipes and taps to switch between a server and a DM, but does seem more intuitive. Muscle memory will take time. Pixel 8 Pro, fully up to date.	bug report
Not working with Bluetooth headset	bug report
i used to like it and already use it and subscribed since 2018, but now it become a scam app, it only looking for more money, I received and voicemail for activation, and only allow me to hear the first number, and then asked me to pay again to hear or enscript the rest while I already paid and subscribed to annually.	bug report
My friends send me pics but I can't save them. Says I don't have a SD card when I do. Update please so I can save pics also. Thanks.	feature request
nice app... kinda slow at times, but it gets the job done!	feature request
the video call interface is completely non-intuitive. trying to guess how swipes and taps work results in you loosing tour view, or the other person. also the white balance from the camera is weird in video. it does work though, clear calls etc.	bug report
Please, oh PLEASE fix the connection issues. If you try to call someone 9 times out of ten it says "connecting" and doesn't call. Please fix ASAP.	bug report
this app says text free am I right	irrelevant information
I love Discord in general so app is no exception. Edit: I absolutely hate the new update. There is so much wrong with it. I hate it that I don't see the list of members when I swipe left. Replying with swiping is so inconvenient for me, I still use just along press. Separating servers and messaging is annoying too, but I guess it's something I can get used to. Themes are cool though.	feature request
Half the times calls dont come through! Randomly get a voicemail notification but no ring. So annoying!!	bug report
Streaming Ads sound comes on loud intermittantly ...Over heats phone ...just this ap because of tons of ads streaming most likely..	bug report
Nowhere to report a problem. Won't let me sign in or change my password.	bug report
Girls never reply	irrelevant information
The updated layout is so bad that I downgraded the app to avoid it.	feature request
things are right now I have not reached the 200 Discord that Nitro plus sets it to and yet I've counted to 123 different servers including my own and it still counts to 200 why is it counting non-existent servers	bug report
I like it but when sometimes i open groupchats it will be like get or just wont move like whenever i will go to direct messages	bug report
Because when you want to call someone is per minutes and to call again you have to paid	bug report
Its hit or miss	bug report
A wonderful app. One of the better phone service apps.	irrelevant information
Will not allow me to set up aera code eith location or manual at all	bug report
Im giving a 4 star rating since the mobile app lags and doesnt send push notifications despite theyre enabled, the tablet is a bad pc port and amoled mode is unavailable, and pc is...ok, but also a bit slow...	bug report
I'm happy to say calls are sounding good again, loud and clear, and the SIM has been working without the random interruptions of the past. Elastic calls are still troubling slow, when transitioning between WiFi and cell, but at least the calls are not dropping, which is a huge improvement. Elastic calls have worked faster in the past. I thank TextNow to continue to offer this amazing product.	feature request
Can only use it on one device	bug report
I can't use some channels it says done reading check out other channel please help	bug report
Its very convenient and helpful app.	irrelevant information
Will not answer phone calls for the last 2 months. Hitting "answer" just lets it continue ringing until voice mail picks up. Forced stop, cleared cache and data, reinstalled, but nothing changes this behavior. You can still decline a call, but never answer one (anymore; it used to work).	bug report
After 2 mins the phone call on my end becomes staticy they cant hear me just static i have excellent service + wifi so it isnt my wifi connection	bug report
Love it ! now hate it ! Having only signal users is dumb. Was a good thing now it's useless. Good job. 👍	feature request
Pretty solid nothing fancy though.	irrelevant information
Took 4x to make it      download	bug report
I don't know what happened but apparently discord updated and now it's just hard to navigate don't like what there trying to do here but I hate it I don't know where to go most of the time every thing looks so different and the is just hard to navigate now I hate it the worst part is that most of my friends apparently don't have this update and it's so dumb just to make a update and not everyone has it and they can't help with it because they don't have the update I can't with this app anymore	bug report
Smooth and robust privacy	irrelevant information
Illegaly making numbers and charging my credit card $10 a day	irrelevant information
Good to have	irrelevant information
I have super friends there :3	irrelevant information
The new update breaks the flow the og ui had	bug report
please. And also I can't no longer see or edit my contacts info...	bug report
the new update suddenly activated the auto-tilt in the app and I can't find a way to stop it. please fix it because it's getting annoying that the whole screen shift when I tilt my phone slightly	bug report
Fast as heck	irrelevant information
no popup or sound notification regarding messages	bug report
The app is grabage, keeps telling me i can't log in anymore saying i violated the terms of agreement, and i havent used it for anything more then simple texting... now it jus sits on the login pafe and does nothing	bug report
I enjoy talking with my sisters and brothers the groupMe is the way to go	irrelevant information
Can't stop contacts to stop getting on my Signal app I just can't stop them ok how can I stop them	bug report
You guys unoptimized this app SO hard in the latest update. Please make the app usable again asap.	bug report
Works nice but didn't work well with Bluetooth	bug report
The UI on video calls is broken, it keeps backing out and showing the messages instead, it's also getting cropped and doesn't show the other video feed.. other than that I love this app for messaging.	bug report
was virtually impossible to use. I have contacted support, but have gotten	bug report
For about 2 weeks now, every time I open GroupMe it logs me out, and I have to sign back in. The login only lasts for 10 to 15 minutes, before I am kicked out again. Sometimes none of my groups load, and I get no notifications... This app sucks	bug report
It's great except EVERY TIME you download something that's been shared through the chat. Gotta replace your phone? Better hope your screen is still operational or you've lost everything because jumping through hoops is the only way to sync them.	bug report
Persistent red notification dot on menu button on my (OnePlus 7 Pro)	bug report
It works well on my phone (samsung) but doesn't always load messages on my iPad...	bug report
Great and secure messenger, but some features are very restricted. The frequent PIN questions are nerving, and you cannot use it on phone AND tablet dual, but it stays my only messenger!	feature request
They disable my account after i subscribed. I don't know exactly why	bug report
Idk why its showing me "opps u caught an ultra erorr" from last 2 days.It happened before. like 4or 5 hours but this time 2 days!!!! I tried every method to fix this but still ntg happened.i have so many work on dc.	bug report
it's pretty good, i met good friends!	irrelevant information
Telephone service is ok but there is very little support.	irrelevant information
I hope 🤞 legalize in UAE	irrelevant information
People can't hear me but I hear them please fix this. I use this for very important calls	bug report
It's great for texting but I don't dig the whole having to have minutes to call because there are other apps that you can call and text for free. And you have a better connection for whatever reason. Like I have text free and text now and I can stand in the same spot right next to the WiFi router and have better call connection with text now than I do with this here text free. So if you can improve those issues it'd probably a 5 star app	feature request
👍🏼👍👍🏻 it glitches out a lot. Hello tech support can we get some bugs fixed here	bug report
This app allows you to meet new people all around the world. And it is a great communication place for Monopoly Go!	irrelevant information
its a good app but filled with problems. hard time joining some groups even when everything is open to have you join. cant erase or get rid of groups. some groups stay forever..	bug report
Fix this it only works when open and u don't get messages in time dam it	bug report
Hi this app don't take a number	bug report
App works, as it always has. I get that ads are income needed to operate the app, but those are in app and not my issue. What I don't understand is why we need ads in lockscreen now. I've used this app for over a decade. This is my first and only complaint. 5 stars otherwise.	feature request
Please try dialling a number using dial pad before releasing!	bug report
The app is horrible. It crashes every other time i launch it, files refuse to upload, itll say im in one channel when in reality im on another so i post/ say something irrelevant. The desktop version is far superior, don't waste your time with the mobile app	bug report
Oohh my GOD this Skype I have Samsung A73 mobile and from last few days I have found the Skype very worst apps in the world some time no video no camera oohh my GOD plz fix this plz I want to see my family	bug report
I hate how my ex boyfriend can use this app to change his number over and over and keep calling me over and over!	feature request
The app experience is 👍.. But it's got bugs	bug report
Not bad just hope it stays true	irrelevant information
New update is absolutely horrendous. No one wanted this. Takes even more gestures and taps to swap between DMs and servers. The entire app is the laggiest experience it has ever been on top of it all.	bug report
New updated UI is horrendous, missing out a lot of the benefits of the old UI. Major red flag for the Highlight push notifications sending weird and creepy simplifications of other people's texts and activities. Just make a community poll ffs, ask the community for suggestions or changes, some might even help with a better design in system or UI than this ... AI nonsense.	feature request
Incoming text doesn't show up until hours later. Can see the preview in notifications but when i click on it, it's not in the chat. Please help	bug report
Good app not many adds n it works real good	irrelevant information
I purchased the ad free subscription. Totally worth the price for ad free and the perks with unlimited calling, texting, photos and video. I also purchased the sim card. Just waiting on it to arrive. Seems to be a great amount of value to their product they offer.	irrelevant information
content sharing.	irrelevant information
The sound and message really sucks. You can not even use it as a house phone	bug report
None of the messages from other people show up. They can read and see mine though.	bug report
Jus intalled	irrelevant information
There was genuinely no need for an entire UI change. Everything beforehand was entierly funtional, easier to navigate, and had cohesion with other platforms. Every person I've seen talk about the most recent update (as of 1/14/2024, when I'm writing this) has had nothing stellar to say about it. The change of location for DMs is my biggest gripe as it's pointless and makes it harder to navigate. If all of my friends weren't on Discord I would uninstall.	feature request
"You'll download signal, and you'll be happy." - Louis Rossmann 2023	irrelevant information
Im having difficulty with sending messages. It was fine until now. I have a stable wifi connection and every other social media i have is working but skype. How do i fix this? Overall this is a great app	bug report
The app is good but it doesn't let me hang up when I call and it just stay stuck there	bug report
The new ui on the mobile version sucks, how about adding a button that could switch between the old version and the new version?	feature request
I dont like how you have to upgrade to premium to get verification codes. Now i have to get a new app so i can sign up for tiktok.	feature request
I love Signal.. Simply the best Chat room Ive tried..Safe as can be..	irrelevant information
A little lags	bug report
It never loads my servers or channels so I'm stuck on a glitched screen doing nothong.	bug report
I'm on android Oreo 8.1, and the notification sound can't be changed it seems. It is not using my default notification sound, but some random one I never heard of. No way to turn the sound off and just have banner pop up either... Rediculous. Can only turn off all notifications or everything. Does have toggle for blinking light and vibrate in app though... Where the sound toggle?	bug report
Greetings I thank God peace be very helpful 🙏🏿	irrelevant information
Text now SUCKS	bug report
It's the best I every seen but the calls u have to speak pretty loud for the other person to hear	feature request
!Warning !Warning !Warning. *If you sign up for "monthly donations" there is no way to cancel.. Will keep charging your card.. there is no customer service. I'm victim of this.	bug report
Since the update, discord has been pretty much unusable to me. Everything is just laggy and slow, and half of the time, i have to close and reopen the app to be able to see messages that were sent to me	bug report
texts are good.the phone calls suck. n always drop. the phone calls need improving.	bug report
You can't scroll down while editing your profile anymore, and it's very annoying. Edit: So there's a certain spot towards the bottom that allows you to scroll down, otherwise it just freezes. (And scrolling up is impossible too). It'll be 5 stars when this issue ever gets fixed.	bug report
I still hate that Signal dumped support for SMS. It was an elitist and uncreative move.	feature request
At first, Discord was a great application. Then the updates started. With every single update, the app got worse and worse. Wouldn't connect right, wouldn't load messages right, would send messages twice, took forever to load... They made everyone make usernames instead of the #0000 which... I hate. Alot. And finally, this latest update. They completely remodeled the app. It looks horrible and functions less. There are so many problems with it. The desktop version is okay. The mobile? Trash.	bug report
I like it, except for when it logged me out of my account and wouldn't let me use the same number, even though I had stayed active.	bug report
Too many updates every week. And nothing is different. Waste of data	irrelevant information
Terrible app. Can't tag someone more than half the time. Simple things like that shouldn't be an issue on an communication app	bug report
Too much ads it works good though rate:5-10	irrelevant information
Great app to keep everyone in the group updated on what's going on and any information that needs to be seen by all members. I highly recommend getting this app for members of sports teams, church groups, or any other groups that need to easily stay in touch with each other.	irrelevant information
It kicked me out of my acount	bug report
Ads, ads, ads, and more ads	irrelevant information
The new UI is honestly not good to me. Its harder to find stuff. Easier to get overwhelmed. The Old UI was one of the main reasons I loved using discord. ( update, absolutely hate it more. Constant bugs, things not working, and overall so much worse)	feature request
Used to work great, notifications and all, now I receive no notifications unless I open the App. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it didn't help. Have checked settings over and over thinking that I've missed something but I haven't. Very disappointing.	bug report
Can't seem to register with my Galaxy s23 ultra pls fix this	bug report
Use to be a really great app until they removed tags discord WHY just bring them back im sick of not being able to add people	feature request
Chillin W da Homies, Best time I had and all the other Funnies now there is bad and good but the memes should explain everything.	irrelevant information
Hard to sign up	bug report
Needs to be able to lock app with pin not show messages to anyone look at the phone	feature request
Skype is very common however old skype was better sound quality. we cannot change the sound of notification that's why it is very hard to hear the sound and sometime I missed very important messages.	bug report
Works great! The only complaint is the ads.. for the price, it is definitely worth it to have a phone number that can be used anywhere, not just where Wi-Fi is available. The free version has to have Wi-Fi to use but for a small very acceptable fee, you can use it anywhere and it gives you mobile data plan! This is second to none for a app to use besides my main phone service carrier. I rely on this if my service laps and cancels due to non-payment. All around great app and premium is ad free..	feature request
Lateky I've been struggling a lot because I straight up can't see channels	bug report
The new UI is very bad I want the old discord I can't use discord with this new UI	feature request
It's good to use, but it is best for it to support external storage to an SD card so it does not take up much space on mobile	feature request
Updated : notifications issue. I am disappointed with the new UI. I have found it extremely difficult to use with many steps than the old UI. I am only continuing to use the app as it's the only way to communicate with certain friends. Very disappointed. They have since added a notification ping that I haven't enabled that is about conversations I am not part of. This further disappoints me.	feature request
The new gui looks great but since the update is is incredibly buggy and tends to lock up	bug report
Sometimes it doesn't work, upload, it freezes, i miss calls,i miss text messages.	bug report
I have this new cp and I want my skpe back please. Thank you.	irrelevant information
Okay i have tried to do an account but i can since my sister is using the same email like me so pls fix this.	bug report
The app has been great in the past and concept-wise it's useful. But it's very glitchy. Avatars don't update. I cannot see or tag all members in a group chat. Chats disappear sometimes. It's really a pain. Please fix.	bug report
Seems to be iffy some days with connection. I get notification of a missed call when I'm on the app nor will it ring sometimes. Sometimes I press the answer button and nothing happens and the only way to fix this is to decline the call and try again. Both party's connection is not an issue. So it puzzles me why Skype keeps messing up now about 50% of the time.	bug report
It has been ok but my messages don't always go through and the phone dosent always go through and sound muffled sometimes	bug report
Good app but it has issues letting me make phone calls or at least leaving a message. it also hasn't been letting me answer phone calls.	bug report
It was good but there should be an option forgot my password and we should be able to change our mail id without using our account password like who would give their discord account it would make more sense to give a account from a game so devs please change this	feature request
some minor glitches but overall ok	irrelevant information
Extremely reliable.	irrelevant information
Number is changed every time i out from the app and join again 🙄🙄🙄	bug report
The call quality is awful. People I talk to constantly complain about	bug report
TextNow developers please hmu I has text now installed in my phone I uninstalled it and tried reinstall but now it won't let me install I can download every app besides text now can someone please help me ?	bug report
It will not work on mobile data. It just continues to say "connecting" but I can get notifications and such I just can't answer or actually us the app	bug report
It's just great to use	irrelevant information
ever since the update, uploading photos is a hit or miss	bug report
How many people can be connected at once on video call or audio call??	feature request
I just started using the app and so far I have the same issue as other people that are using it fake calls moe telemarketing calls can't pick up calls dark screen when someone is calling me and I can't answer what's up with that 😉 just saying though this was a great app guess I have to dig up money for a new carrier	bug report
Could use an advice on how to stop the echoing the recipient is hearing when call is made	feature request
I am experiencing this issue for a long time, and it only happens in the mobile version i never expeirenced this issue on my laptop, so the issue is that when i try to go to the members tab, discord just starts glitching and randonly throws me into the members rab several times and it doesnt stops until i close and reopen the app, thus glitch is really annoying so please fix it real soon	bug report
good way of communicating with a large group, only thing that I don't like is that you can't erase old messages.	feature request
it's an amazing day for using discord I love all the features and its always going to be good so they need a update	irrelevant information
Complicated, unhelpful and plain frustrating!	irrelevant information
New update reset my server order / folder structure and there seems to be no way to restore it	bug report
There is no video call and add and stuff and call quality is not the best when on seakee	bug report
Echo heard from person I called, they could not here my voice clearly... not a good clear call and was conducting important business...I hung up deleted and had better luck with TextNow.	bug report
Before it was great, now it's bad. Whenever I want to Livestream on discord with my Android phone, the screens keeps on becoming black. I can't even touch anything. Fix this!	bug report
to do about getting me a new phone and the flipping app never works. Im	irrelevant information
Whenever I send a message it always sends with a Lll at the end.	bug report
Way too many ads. But its free so what can I say?	irrelevant information
I earned free minutes but my account still shows zero. App designed to force you to buy minutes. Stay away.	bug report
Takes long to load, bought 0.99$ sim can't get it to work,can't get a person from text now on phone for help	bug report
We've been using the app to keep an occasional group dialog going and for deciding when and where to meet. The app is perfectly adequate for this purpose, but I've not really spent time to learn what features are available.	irrelevant information
Works well for our organization!!	irrelevant information
Bugs bugs ... Phone poco f1 and vivo 1920 I have received new message... But when I open it No message to read.....	bug report
When your on speaker phone it breaks up and u can't hear the other person that good	bug report
I've always use this app I never had a problem with it	irrelevant information
I enjoy discord but because of the recent UI update on mobile, it has very much so aggravated me and made it hard to navigate the app. The original layout, which was similar to desk top, was much easier on the eyes and there was really no point in changing it.	feature request
good app to use on chrome browser but if ur downloading the app and ur logging in when u press the authentication with the security key it like wont even do anything it closes the app id like this to be fixed because id rather have it in my taskbar rather than in my chrome.	bug report
Its straight. The calling just sucks	bug report
I suppose it's a good app but literally leaves it wide open for stalkers to harass you nonstop. You can block a number but they just get a new one.	feature request
It ok but I recently changed phone and now I can access my texnow number it won't let me sign in I have tried to reset password but I don't get the email. Help	bug report
Just perfect	irrelevant information
New update makes no sense on any level. Actually needs to be changed back, discord is so out of touch its insane	bug report
Ugh! Won't let me type my messages and I barely get notifications	bug report
Pure awesomeness	irrelevant information
It was nice to have to connect with my grandkids but their mother is holding them hostage and blocks me from connecting. No longer need so no longer want to pay.	irrelevant information
Won't let Me sign in. Keeps saying account not created	bug report
I like community and server possibilities. However, from mobile usijg bluetooth heapdones is almost impossible since version 25. They removed Call communication mode and i had to update app to newer version only because of compatibility. Also, app is laggy. I find smooth transitions useless, only making lags. Would be nice if can be turned off. Now i use discord occasionaly for reading messages. For other purposes including voice chat quite its annoying on mobile.	feature request
Putting ads is useless. I just close the app and re open it. It's alot quicker.	bug report
I really like the app it's really useful to me and my friends and i can mostly make new friends! But I do have some problems with some of the lag but yet doesn't always happen. So yet it's still fun because of the nitro and I mostly use stickers to express myself and yet it's super useful! This is an update, I've been having problems recently in getting into the app but it keeps kicking me out I'm not sure what's causing it.	feature request
The new update clearly wasn't bug tested well enough. I don't mind the new appearance, but at least make sure everything doesn't break after a little usage. This is not asking for support, just condemning a bad update.	bug report
Lowered rating and cancelled donations due to removing sms	bug report
you say it's free, but then you put i charges.	feature request
Give 1star im not satisfied. Pls improve skype	bug report
You have to pay for like everything it's kinda sucks tbh	irrelevant information
Good thing	irrelevant information
As far as I've experienced (on mobile), it's actually quite an alright update. The layout changed a bit but not too much till you can't recognise it. [ However I would prefer the old search system rather than this new one, this new one is indeed refreshing but I can't seem to find the From, Files, Sound, etc which is much more efficient ]	feature request
The app was good but then they altered the programming to copy peoples contact information. Its now a scam app	bug report
because I love GroupMe, but the app works significantly better on iPhone.	feature request
It is not ringing when I call	bug report
Love the fact you can choose any number. Usually use this for a back up.	irrelevant information
Great and cleanly designed messanger.	irrelevant information
OLD: Discord is great for connecting with friends. This mobile app redesign, however, is atrocious and has completely ruined my enjoyment of the app. Please change it back. UPDATE: discord has reverted most of the awful changes they did when I originally wrote this review. I now think the mobile app is good again.	feature request
Notifications are not reliable. Often they are half a day to a day delayed. Other messaging apps do not have the same issue so battery optimization of Pie is not the problem.	bug report
Texts go through just fine, when I try to make calls, the other person can't hear me at all	bug report
Literally can't comment in my group chats.	bug report
Still learning but app has been useful.	irrelevant information
Great app sometimes buggy but overall it is pretty good	feature request
Honestly it's an ok app, but for some reason it freezes up your phone	bug report
This communication app seems to be the best of the ones available. The only problems I've had are not being able to send a picture with a text message and the sim card they offer (on T-Mobile) doesn't work for me. No bars usually; at the most, one bar. Either way, I can't do anything. On the bright side, phones calls are usually very clear and texting just text works well.	bug report
I can't create an account, after doing verifying I'm not a robot it still refers me back. This is a total rubbish	bug report
Truly impressed by the dev's efforts to worsen this program at every turn. Being barely accessible to VI people wasn't enough, so they changed usernames to be far easier to be spoofed by spambots. Then they added AI without warning. Now this. Impressive! They'll catched up to Tw- sorry, ""X"" by 2024, at this rate.	irrelevant information
use it at all. Amazed by the major improvement in phone performance after	irrelevant information
It works great while you're on wifi, as its supposed to. Haven't had any issues with it yet	irrelevant information
Tha idea of this app is great... I use this app with Wi-Fi when my phone doesnt get signal at home. It works ok but in order for me to see tht I have a text I have to open tha app and refresh it, it doesn't automatically notify me when I have a text. If this was fixed I would rate 5 stars.	feature request
Okay. So Discord WAS good. It let us create communities and had amazing flexibility in what kind of servers and activities we could do But their recent "improvement" update instantly put me off (for mobile.) It takes no consideration for accessibility, and even removed USEFUL functions. Let's just say I'm only using it right now to communicate with my friends, otherwise I'd dip. I might change my review if they realize that their users shouldn't have to "get used to" something we never wanted.	feature request
Need to be able to have ability to change sounds..too sharp	feature request
No real complaints right now.	irrelevant information
thinks its mr .gregory few seince use this appicatonties .	irrelevant information
I am 8 and I want it I just don't have an account	irrelevant information
Everytime need update of pin and stuff	bug report
Briliant if you Work from Home	irrelevant information
Always lost connection suddenly	bug report
a lot of times, my mic wouldn't work, and on my laptop, I couldnt unmute	bug report
This app didnt work for me	bug report
I have to send my messages two or three times before they go through. Please fix!!	bug report
Been using the mobile app on Android for five years. I don't mind the new UI, except that the app has become incredibly unstable since. Not once had a single problem with the app, but now channels will update with the same chat you were on on a previous channel, app is slower to load, messages won't load, after switching channels sometimes can't hard press a message to see options and can't swipe left to reply. Messages will be sent to a previous channel you were in. It's a terrible mess now.	bug report
When i try to send a pic i get a message saying it's sent by email	bug report
The ads suck	irrelevant information
Trust me, One of the best apps ever.	irrelevant information
Works well for group communications, we used it on a resent mission trip. The only issue we had was not all the members get all of the messages all the time. Some members had long delays or did not receive some of the messages.	bug report
Too buggy at the moment	bug report
It would be great if I could go to it...	feature request
its..nice. :3	irrelevant information
Removing SMS support giving no reason to use for messages in this case session is better. Very unfortunate. Loved this app. Now they are destroying it.	feature request
I just installed Skype on an Android tablet (Samsung S6). After signing in with my Skype user name and password, it is stuck in a loop asking me to update my profile. The page does not last long enough to allow any selection before closing and looping again asking me to change my profile. ( Galaxy Tab S6, SM -T860 , Android version 12)	bug report
Easy to chat Here	irrelevant information
This app would be great if there were an option to delete messages/chats that are no longer in use. The option to just hide them does not clear off space on my phone.	feature request
Anoth text free service that's isn't no count.	irrelevant information
Groupme absolutely sucks. Consant outages, poor connection, the app and the webapp are always broken, it wont let me unlink my facebook account without me going to my facebook to revoke access, on an android keyboard pressing enter doesn't send a message, the list goes on. Miserable to use, which is a shame, because it was so very functional years ago. Why can't I search in messages? There is no easy way to search or see anything that wasn't in the last couple of days. Also why does leaving a group as the admin completely nuke it? What is up with that?	bug report
It hasnt been the best. Im not impressed	irrelevant information
not letting me call nobody	bug report
Love that it has voice messages	irrelevant information
Power of Muslims	irrelevant information
Im desparate for me to be able to text i have a phone but no plan it glichts alot it go blank at points but if ur desparet like me iys okay it gives u ur on number so its OKAY	bug report
new update is so bad and not user friendly at all!	feature request
Freezes and always bad connection but okay	bug report
Subscribed for a premium number only for my money to be deducted and still didn't get the number. And there's isn't a way to restore purchases!	bug report
Outdated concept Zoom or Teams or better WhatsApp replaced Skype for 90% of use	irrelevant information
So far so good. It's good to get away from chaos...	irrelevant information
With $ being as tight as it is for a great number of people text now has been a life saver	irrelevant information
I deleted my pictures after 30 days now I can't get those back	bug report
Easy, user friendly	irrelevant information
Scam It asked for my emails and then instantly banned me for no reason.	bug report
When I watch videos it thinks I'm still on call and messes with the volume	bug report
Discord keeps changing things and every change makes the app worse and worse.	feature request
The app is slow and consumes too much ram. There are faster, more lightweight apps out there that do the same thing. Discord once had a fast lightweight app and chose to make it slow and heavy for who knows why. I don't trust when companies suddenly make that turn.	bug report
PLEASE FIT THE BUG I CAN'T SEND ANY PICTURES OR VIDOES	bug report
For some reason the app keep crashing... really annoying	bug report
I've been using Skype since the late 90's (need I say more?). Skype has had its issues, like everyone else, but they're still my choice.	irrelevant information
I cannot begin to tell user's , future user's and thoughs still deciding on a lowcost or Free phone/texting app in 500 words or less how much help and piece of mind Textnow has given me in the last almost 5 years I have been using on and off mostly on . Did I mention I have been able to keep the same Textnow number the whole time. Did I mention money that went for food for my family instead of a phonebill in a time of unemployment I could go on and on but I am limited to 500 words lol . Torsten	irrelevant information
I WANT A REFUND NOW!!I am having an absolutely AWFUL experience. We paid for service..got our Sim cards went thru all sorts of ups and downs. No!! And I repeat NO HELP!!! NO CUSTOMER SERVICE WHAT SO EVER!! NO HELP ON THE APP AT ALL!! No one to call..NO NUMBER TO CALL AT ALL. So imagine doing everything they tell you to do..in pre arranged Q and A.. But I'm literally stuck at home because I cant call a taxi or Set up a lyft or Uber while I'm out..NO DATA..BUT I HAVE PAID FOR IT ALL!!!	bug report
I bought mins for this app to be able to call home and handle other business from Germany but of course the call never completes or the calls would drop. Im on wifi also with nothing connected other than my phone and still i have the same problems. I wanted to delete this n try something else but i already paid and would like to use what i paid for. 10/15/16 again tried calling from the app and its telling me to check my connection which makes no sense seeing that i posted this from my phone.	bug report
Drops calls voice messages muffled incoherent ...great as text only	bug report
Can't use emotes or gifs. Needed a bug update for that one.	bug report
It used to work well. Now, the calls frequently drop. Glitches every 10-15 seconds. Currently searching for an alternative.	bug report
User interface is bad; but using the app is even worse.	bug report
It's Fine, WhatsApp is better	irrelevant information
because they didnt get to this one yet, 5 stars.	irrelevant information
Horrible experience can't delete my account have a scam artist trying to continuing to scam me and can't	bug report
Good alternative app to texting....calls sometimes good and sometimes choppy...overall good app	irrelevant information
wish it worked	bug report
When people call me it doesn't always ring. Others that I know have the same problem on different platforms.	bug report
Skype is cool for what it does, but after my phone updated to Android 11, I'm having a real problem with using the keyboard with use the split screen feature. If i use the 2 to 1 ratio function with Skype in the smaller window, the keyboard won't open unless i rotate the screen and the. Rotate it back only to have it stop working once i type in the other window. Please fix this	bug report
bought a monthly subscription and it didn't give me the premium benefits even thought it took money from my bank and i waited at least 30 minutes, support is useless too and wasn't helpful at all	bug report
is something wrong or is it me i can't get in	bug report
Best communication app especially for gamers has its problems but besides that great!	feature request
eazy Free and convenient	irrelevant information
Too much bugs plz fix them	bug report
Notification doesn't flash up straight away. Sometimes I will get a lot sent through in one lump, despite having network connection.	bug report
Have issues with the App CRASHING All the time, I have Uninstalled and reinstalled it. Any help would be appreciated	bug report
It works fare but it acts up ,but for being a wifi app its great if you dont like facebook .	bug report
Bad texting interface and terrible phone quality, not worth even 1 penny, save your $$	bug report
there are so many missing features, such as switching accounts and even viewing blocked messages. its half decent, i guess, but the website is much better	feature request
With this new update, I am very confused on navigating this app now. It's so barebones that i can't find anything. And when i do want to find something it's like going through a maze. I don't even want to look at notifications anymore. It used to be so simple. I feel like i'm on one of those mini pads when searching things. I understand you wish to make navigation easier for people, but this is not the way. Things get lost and things are oversighted now. I work with lots of new people on Discord	feature request
Pretty good app for chating with your friends but the only problem is IT FREAKING KEEPS ON CRASHING WHEN I TRY TO PLAY ANY GAME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX THIS PLEAS3	bug report
It takes to long to call or text someone	bug report
The app is good and all when the finally send me my verification code they send it too me hours later and when I type it in it says invalid	bug report
New updates UI has totally ruined the app. I can't just immediately open new DM notifications, I hate the new layout since my muscle memory is set to the old layout Where it was EASIER to navigate and use. But now the developer team has gone and made discord complete trash on mobile. Good job discord. I will be deleting your app until you give us back the option to turn off the new layout and bring back the old one	feature request
the voice of the person you are talking to doesn't line up with the picture	bug report
Because I can spam phone calls and it's so annoying that I reported it to the police once	bug report
So far so good. How ever I'm having a hard time trying to reach the court house.	irrelevant information
When I place a call it says my call did not go through and it still takes my minutes I paid for other than that I love it	bug report
Moves Too Slow, Needs Video Chat	bug report
Anyone else having this problem?	irrelevant information
great app. makes communication for groups a lot easier.	irrelevant information
It's a great app overall. Recent updates make it more accessible to all kinds of people besides gamers and I think that's nice but I feel that the app is gradually losing its individuality and what separated it from the competition. That aside it's a great app to communicate with both friends and families all across the world and make them too!	feature request
Good. Using it at the time of lockdown	irrelevant information
It was great until they removed SMS, now it's just a worse Whatsapp. Your SMS has to be handled by an app that will mine them for money, you have to know if someone has Signal to message them, and you have to juggle multiple apps. Not worth it, there are equal apps for encryption that more people have.	feature request
Well once in awhile Microsoft actually gets something right I gave it a 3-star rating only because Microsoft is involved other than that it was okay, not great but just okay.	irrelevant information
I like pinger but it has too many problems. My calls dont connect half the time so i have to call someone twice for it to work, i hear echos too often, sometimes mcalls drop when im talking, when i receive/make calls 60 percent of the time either the other party or me cant hear one another. Fix these problems...	bug report
It sometimes merges calls which I think is a bad Idea because it then glitches then it just rings and rings	bug report
Great service.., wish the phone calls were a bit easier to answer. But this has saved mah life with my current circumstances. I can at least get phone calls.	feature request
on one game page, can't go to other game's page?	feature request
Sometimes it's nice to have a person to text with and send pictures to	irrelevant information
U can receive Ur codes for retrieving accounts whatever its called...Cool enough for me😎	irrelevant information
Great app except for the fact that ALL of my videos are squished and stretched. PLEASE FIX THIS! Samsung s10+	bug report
I can't make account when i press my age and press my screen cuz i'm done it stay on 09/03/2023 just fix this put a confirm bottom	bug report
Ignores critique in hopes users will accept shoddy updates. This application is officially dead. Check out Guilded for a better user experience.	irrelevant information
It save all ur messages when u log out and everything put if only u can send pics oy would be better	feature request
It's a bit slow. I won't see messages sent for hours. It's crazy. When it works, it's cool. When it doesn't, it really sucks.	bug report
Confusing	irrelevant information
This goddamn platform is the grease on my wheels bygk DC.lovel y'all tictocrz G is for the goat ornot	irrelevant information
I liked this app before this bug happened. So when I put a URL discord link in, you would usually think it would let me. But now, I wouldn't because... IT KEEPS SAYING THE LINK IS "Link invalid or blah blah"	bug report
better before the decemer 6 update, the layout is hurting my head	bug report
This is really annoying. When I am linking a new device, no older messages will be synchronized. They say 'for your security' - Hey I am able to decide about my security for myself, no need to patronize me 😞	bug report
Why does every company need to change their UI for no reason	irrelevant information
Love that its free, easy to use but sometimes its soo loud it produces poor quality. Love picking area code option but some apps like Fbk wont recognize it as real phone number	feature request
I can't deal out I used to like this app but not no more	bug report
Amazing app as long as you use it often you keep your number but I decided to buy the lock in number, as it shows it's locked in , it sends little pop ups under my screen telling me they didn't process it	bug report
App crashes frequently and is slow to load. Discord or slack are significantly better for communication.	bug report
the notifications for when you get a message or call are a little off and or don't go off at all sometimes other than that tho no complaints	bug report
Quick, reliable and easy to use!!	irrelevant information
I enjoy the application but there's a huge issue when it comes to reporting users (which I experienced) and that is report abuse. I feel like this could be fixed easily by adding some sort of thing that's like chat logs	feature request
Garbage service.	bug report
I can't send out messages I don't know why	bug report
Discord no longer works on my phone anymore. Everytime I click something it won't allow me to do so. Its pretty much a frozen screen at this point where nothing functions and is unusable.	bug report
Difficult to determine who stays in the conversation, photos don't always load...	bug report
they ruined the app with the new UI.	feature request
IT was easy to get this app but I didn't get the right link to download on my phone!!	irrelevant information
Fast to send and receive messages no payment required.	irrelevant information
My skype account in my phone twice removed itself i don't know why it happen..	bug report
I can't sign up coz' it says "we couldn't find any number"	bug report
It's a good trustworthy app	irrelevant information
Please go back to the old UI.	feature request
Good messenger app. Wish more people used it.	irrelevant information
found some lags in sending messages it's very little but disappointing and	bug report
Terrible can't even join the group in invited to	bug report
Need to improve it with a video call background with including effect of adding a video from the file. Thanks.	feature request
Third grade camera.	irrelevant information
Deleted my history. Just as whatsall did. I probably don't need this platform.	bug report
The app doesn't work and quit when I open it from Nexus 5. Crash as soon I launch the app.HELP please!!!	bug report
A great app that can be used as a drop-in replacement for most other apps. It offers great security when messaging someone else with the app and falls back to unsecure messages when the recipient doesn't use the app. Edit: Signal will no longer support SMS messages. Basically you can *only* talk to other people on Signal. I will unfortunately have to uninstall Signal and find a new texting app.	irrelevant information
App won't allow me to sign up since I don't have a backup. Pure garbage	bug report
Used to work fine but now I'm not receiving texts from most people. They send the text but I don't receive it	bug report
Worst app.. when I texted to my papa.. it shows double tick but it wasn't become seen.. pls fix this bug asap	bug report
New UI on the mobile app is garbage, but it's merely the most recent in a long line of bad decisions on Discord's part.	feature request
What happened to text free ultra?	irrelevant information
Honestly an amazing app	irrelevant information
really good it's real good	irrelevant information
I've been experiencing some problems. I was planning to verify my discord email, but then the email was needed. Turns out, I also needed the password. Unfortunately, I forgot my password... so I made a choice to log out of my account and change my password. When I tried logging back in, it won't do so. I had my phone number logged in, so I used that. I tried getting the verification code but nothing appeared and I waited for more than 2 hours already. Why isn't the code appearing in my contacts?	bug report
This app is amazing but has a bug on the verification mine says email when I used my phone number to log in on discord but it is still the best app ever but discord can you fix this problem I couldn't chat with my friends	bug report
It forces you to relink in various scenarios such as being gone for a week and upon returning home and opening the app with your home WiFi it gives you no choice but to relink... and you lose all you previous converstions. It may be by design but is utterly unacceptable. Signal has a challenge, give users an option to avoid losing everything!!!	bug report
Had this app for years, now the ads finally ruined it.	bug report
Thank you app for steering my 14yo directly into porn Im devistated, and our family is crushed. The clickable aps are Porn!!!!!! And lead your child down a sexual rabbit hole of child porn predators that wantt your location and address. Sex is solicited with Walmart gift cards and bitcoin so its not traceable. Parent dont get this app for your child to save a couple bucks. Pay for a phone service w texting. Extremly, hurt.	bug report
The ad's often make a nuisance of themselves, and on a tablet it can be hard to answer calls bc of a glitch that makes my tablet lag until I either eventually regain control or the app crashes. Otherwise, this used to be a pretty solid app.. While homeless and using a wifi (no contract/carrier, so no service besides public wifi) phone this app was a HUGE help with staying in touch with family/children, as well as securing a job and pulling myself up out of the hole I had dug.	bug report
Loved it so much	irrelevant information
There is not a better end to end encrypted messaging app available. I used this for several years, and even after the announcement that SMS support is going away, I continued to use it until the end. Now that it seems that they are continuing down this path, I will be deleting it and I cannot recommend it any more. Their reasoning for depreciating SMS is quite weak, and as will be clear from anyone who reads recent reviews it won't pan out well for signal with the decision they're making.	irrelevant information
It's just horrible everytime it kicks you out for no apparent reason to. Then you try to sign in. Oh wait! It says there's a problem. You go fix it. You come back. Says there's still a problem. These new modifications before the old ones are terrible.	bug report
The app wouldnt load for me. I already signed in and it was just white.	bug report
I'm enjoying it gradually	irrelevant information
It's really nice to be able to be in touch with everyone, but all the different messages gets kinda annoying after a while. So it's not really groupMe's fault but that is why I'm giving it a four star rating	irrelevant information
This App is very Useful 👍 try it and see	irrelevant information
Microsoft deliberately install deep footprints to disable the app/phone to the point that u hav to by a new device (bigtechs joint deals)	bug report
Really can't say much ,I've had and used the same log in information, and email address but this app keeps saying wrong format, crooks	bug report
Less Ad's or A+ Rating	irrelevant information
experience. And before anyone questions this, I understand monetization, I	irrelevant information
The best phone I have EVER had. I have had my number for 4yrs what more needs to be said get the app	irrelevant information
Difficult to delete or clear individual items of a conversation.	feature request
Usable on my samsung note 10 but not on my samsung note 9. Try clearing cache and data and reinstall and restart. Still receiving this error. "There was a problem with Skype. Try signing out and back in.	bug report
Latest updates errors.. When uploading a video (both avi and mp4 does this) it'll upload and show the thumbnail for a few mins but opens an external video player (doesn't do this to other videos on the same server uploaded by others) which errors with "unable to play message" The thumbnail goes away to just the video file name and a download button. Freshly redownloaded the video I was trying g to upload in case the old was corrupted but it did the same thing. Converted it from mp4 to avi to try	bug report
Safe,good for the most part.still have issues with who to mute,and reset notifications settings.	feature request
Everything is great, but video chat kicks you out.	bug report
It won't let me log in and when I use the same email from my old account it STILL won't let me get in my og account	bug report
hello! I am giving 1 star bcz of its new design in recent update. I have to restart my discord 2 times when iw ant to chat and sometimes it just freezes and crashes many times also so please fix it.	bug report
through...but great app and i would have recommended it	irrelevant information
Too slow and unable to use to be honest fed up	bug report
It won't let me connect my Spotify and TikTok	bug report
Work fine + safe and secure	irrelevant information
Phone calls constantly get dropped.	bug report
I HATE THE NEW UPDATE 🙄🙄🙄🙄‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫 MY FRIEND CANT HEAR ME BECAUSE SOMEHOW IM MUTE ON THEIR SIDE EVEN THO I AINT MUTE LA	bug report
This app is great right now. I'm really hoping the decision to drop support for SMS gets retracted, because if it does not, I will have to change this rating to a 1 and find another app.	feature request
Love this app when I do not have a phone	irrelevant information
It's a really amazing app. I'm just waiting for the hiding of number update, and then this app will be the most safest app out 🐺💕	feature request
its good but i cant even hear or talk in voice chats??? No matter what server im in or anything...	bug report
It sometimes doesn't let me send messages and make calls but I like it because I can text my friend in Mexico	bug report
I love this app!! I just have to have good internet service to use it. The app is fine but our property Internet/wifi is horrible. The calls are clear. I've been using this app off and on for years. It definitely helps a lot when in between jobs and needing a contact number to use. This is the better call / text free app. Thank you.	feature request
I deleted profile picture. But it still shows it. It never goes, tried cleaning the cache. Deleting and coming back solved the issue. Please check it. The app sometimes show dark theme screens inside somewhere like sharing menu etc (whereas im in light mode). Design has not been proof read.	bug report
The best encrypted app to use for communication and file sharing.my family and friends use signal daily!	irrelevant information
Having an app that does secure messaging and sms is why I started using signal.. Now your removing sms support? This is a bad move in my opinion... I want to use a single application for all messaging	feature request
Better than every app for chatting👌	irrelevant information
Finally update	irrelevant information
Love the app but was wondering if you could find out where some was at when used the app find out what their location is	feature request
Since updating, battery life is draining super quick while using the app. Literally using it for half hour and it's used so much battery according to my phone. Only after the recent update? Also ui tends to be squished which is fixed by restarting the app. Good app though but website is still better	bug report
Not bad it's a pretty good app can't fault it	irrelevant information
Everytime this app updates, they just change the layout for no reason to make things seem new.	feature request
I had used this app for about a year. I logged out of my account and after some weeks tried to log in again but it said your account is dismissed. How can I log in again? Thank you. By the way the app is pretty cool and useful. Thank you	bug report
Is the best way for communication in groups 💯	irrelevant information
it won't even let me send images without an error	bug report
Call quality is very poor than whatsapp. Try to improve video call quality.	bug report
Y'alls app sucks !!!!!	irrelevant information
Has anyone been scammed by someone using this app?	irrelevant information
Zero tech support. Drops call when other person answers and asks about call quality	bug report
It's better than Whatsapp but I wish there was a voice record option	feature request
I purchased the sim for free calls and text. Text work well. The calls on the other hand sometimes can't make or receive. Random disconnects. Also occasionally while on a call an add will take over the screen and disconnect the call.	bug report
I love this app! I've been using it for over a year now and it runs well And the calls and text are right on time period I backed this up 100%.	irrelevant information
the other app forced me to give you a bad review	irrelevant information
Sound not good	bug report
Has been very helpful to our study group.	irrelevant information
I no longer can recommend this to my non tech friends as a viable solution for sending secured messages as they're not going to be willing to install an app with a smaller penetration into the market like WhatsApp or Telegram without the killer feature of being able to also use that app to consolidate secure messages and SMS. Signal's decision to disable this feature is reflective of an organization who didn't take into consideration how the average end user operates before axing a feature	feature request
Messages are arriving really late. Always shows active as my status even tho I'm not online. While on videocall,if I open chat box, video is gone for a while. Fix these issues it's really irritating	bug report
Pretty good... Recent decisions suck, AI nonsense, messed up the username system. Other than that it's good	irrelevant information
It work perfectly until tonight I even restest my password to log back into my account number iv been using over a yr only way my husband can reach me he's over seas not only that my disabled daughter Dr appointment have my 619 number please retrieve it iv sent emails for u to fix it last 5 hrs it's telling me to add a new number I don't need a new number I need my 619 number bk please fix this now	bug report
Good for chatting, new UI kinda sucks, old one was easier to use and less laggy, which has always been a problem.	feature request
Wheñ you say text FREE I assume, it's fcing free, or I wouldn't download it, if i could give 0 stars i would, go screw yourself.	irrelevant information
Simple, secure, well designed	irrelevant information
This app has gone downhill recently, I use this because of how easy it is to create and manage multiple groups, but there are issues with messages loading, where they will take forever to load, but on the main screen, the new messages can be seen (as soon as I enter the chat, they aren't loaded and take over 5 minutes), messages occassionally won't send notifications, even though I have them enabled, in general it has become bluntly obvious that this app does not have Microsoft's full focus...	bug report
When a call comes in it will not allow me to answer. It states another call is in progress please hang up that call and try again. ????? Horrible app.	bug report
My mom decided she was going to block me because she was in the wrong....I	irrelevant information
Does not ring and ringer is on high.	bug report
It is a great way to get updates and input from people that have pertinent info for our group.	irrelevant information
Notifications occasionally aren't popping and only load when you open the app This is still an issue about 2 years on?	bug report
Mobile version is Buggy asf	bug report
Clearly voice and video call	feature request
Am excellent app, but not sure why after the last update I can not make or receive any calls. Even on my laptop, I can not log in or use it in a browser. Any help?!	bug report
This App do not work for me. When it comes to forward the messages it goes blank. And have a white back ground. In which I am very, very disappointed. This has been going on for a good while now. You don't even worth recommending to any one any more that is how I feel right now. If by chance you can proof to me you are worth recommending you need to prove to me, then I will do my best for SIGNAL once again.	bug report
I love it i've had so much fun but i had to delete it and now i can't download it and i have tried deleting other apps but nothing works but i love it!	feature request
ugly new format, and i cannot send images	bug report
0 stars I have to pay for verification codes	bug report
It stops receiving my messages I keep having to uninstall  -_-	bug report
Sucks can't hear dropped calls alot.	bug report
I would like to see some Christian emoji. Such as cross, dove on fire, Israel flag, Bible, Christian flag, Star of David, Jesus, praying hands, praising hands, 🙌🏼🙏🏼	feature request
Idk but when me and my friends call someone just kicking Some of my friends and idk who is it is it just error or kicking somebody	bug report
It has too many ads take some off 💢😡	feature request
Wont let me change my ringtones... 😒 ..n can't get pictures..	bug report
No texting unfortunately no longer makes this an option even though most communications were encrypted signal to signal. I can no longer push this app into my network.	feature request
All over is superb a little bit more updating is required for more smooth experience.	feature request
works great online. If you buy a sims beaware it says they have cdma sims, but it was discontinued, so only tmobile sims. I cant get the tower service in my area. So wasted 99¢ and excitement deflated.	irrelevant information
The new UI is garbage and slow AF	bug report
Enjoy the privacy. Very good app	irrelevant information
Can't delete comments after submitting them in the chat.	bug report
Very good for talking, and now is easier to find friends but should have an option to search user in case you don't have them in your contacts	feature request
Good Peeps...	irrelevant information
Useless app cannot see my contact chat. Kindly fix this useless app	bug report
Ridiculous amount of spam calls and voice mails come through	bug report
Keeps charging me money $1.99 ×3 and $6.99, when I'm not even using it. Cheap Scammers	bug report
Pretty good app! It would get a 5, but not all websites recognize the phone number as a mobile/text friendly, notwithstanding their claims to the contrary I have never been able to send or receive a picture, and the call quality is only so-so.	feature request
Fine for secure messaging but they dropped support for SMS/MMS. I'm already looking for a replacement.	feature request
Nothing to complain about...	irrelevant information
There's no option to let me leave a group that someone invited me to. It seems to show a glitch in the system where I try to pull their profile up with only three options and the regular options only pop up within a millisecond. Can this be fixed?	bug report
Easy to use but annoying as hell	irrelevant information
No customer service, I have reset my password 6 Times. STILL CANT LOG IN. I uploaded new app, reset my cellphone. Nothing with this app works all of a sudden. Can't log into my account on your app. I received text late 2 days after. My text are received in 24 hours after I send it. No one in customer service to help. Zero Stars for this app	bug report
Was an amazing app, loss of SMS ruins its utility	bug report
works a little bit, some of the time	bug report
It was 👍 wonderful talking to others who were very friendly.	irrelevant information
Great for large groups	irrelevant information
I rate this a 4 star for now because since the new update come Discord has a lot of bugs even I was on a call it says it was still connecting even though my wifi is seriously fine. I can't send any images at all I have to use my data to make it work and I can only message but not calling or sending any images at all. Please fix this bug	bug report
All in all, this app has been pretty good. They've had a few hiccups, which they have fixed. But this morning, I see that unencrypted sms messaging will no longer be supported. I have zero interest in using a secondary messaging app for the people that do not use Signal.. as if I'm now supposed to pressure them into getting the app. Such a poor decision on their part, and it turns me off from Signal.	feature request
It's not working when I used as double app it's crease my app	bug report
Not bad at all !!!;	irrelevant information
This is great app it could be the best app over what's app, i hope it will become popular soon	irrelevant information
Weak wifi signal makes for bad service when trying to send or receive calls	bug report
I am verification problems I was just chatting randomly I am a fast typer but when I messaged someone it says to verify and when I verify it says verification code invalid when they just sent the code	bug report
Hey what do you inspect it's free	irrelevant information
Works but uploads get stuck at about 90% and after 2min it resumes, each time on all my android devices, phone, tablet... always gets stuck at 90% then resumes after 2min	bug report
The couch has a lot of patience and I thank you for the attention you give to each child. Jonah's grandmother.	irrelevant information
Unfortunately the connection/signal is often very weak- difficult to hear/ understand the person on the other end even with the phone and Signal volume turned up to the highest level. Often, the phone simply disconnects and I have to try to call again and again... Very frustrating and unprofessional.	bug report
When I changed phone numbers, someone got my old number. When they used that number to sign up for a GroupMe account, it overwrote the information on my account, prompting several "your information has been changed" emails to which I could not reply to correct the issue. I ended up having to reach out to the person whose email mine was changed to in order to figure out what happened. This seems incredibly insecure and dangerous, who knows what kind of information they could access?	bug report
Overall preety good however my friend and me got the deluxe nitro that was supposed last for me till 11dec and his 12 dec yet both of our nitros got cut short by half a month	bug report
Can't login or verify phone number, junk app.	bug report
Please keep supporting SMS messages in the app. I sent an email to support asking the same thing. That's all. --Update: I am certain I didn't leave a five star review... And yet I came back to it changed to 5 stars. We'll see if it changes again. Signal hired a formal Google executive, and I guess this is the result. Losing trust in the app with every weird thing that happens here now.	feature request
Very bad app ! When I opened it, it's says , your account cannot be created on this device 😠!	bug report
It's considerably good	irrelevant information
Signal no longer locks at all, doesn't follow its own settings, doesn't follow phone lock settings... It's privacy is broken when the app can only be locked when prompted to lock it, automatic locking is a fail, has been for a while. Get the basic right, and no I don't need any app to manage money and payments for me, and I don't care about stories.	bug report
No sharing on this phone	bug report
Has more features than what I thought	feature request
It sucks and very annoying. 😡😡😡	bug report
Nice. But it is not as efficient as zoom	irrelevant information
good app! I text my friends on it all the time. But I was just texting my friend and now I can't get in Skype. Could you fix that? There's a bug, if you send too many emojis in one message I now can't get in the app.	bug report
2022 Update: just learned that Signal will soon no longer work with SMS texting and will only work with internal messages like Telegram and the rest. This defeats the purpose of using it to preserve privacy, and looks like just a way to increase the user base. Cancelled my recurring monthly subscription and unless they can adequately explain why, I'll soon be looking for a new texting app. Very disappointing.	feature request
It's great! You can talk and chat with your best friends or with distant friends you can game with them you can download it on your PC or phone if you need and it's wonderful you definitely download it. And it's wonderful because you can join other YouTubers discords and talk to them and do all that nice stuff! It's a great app you should definitely download it.	irrelevant information
Installed, tried to create a group. "there was an error starting your group. Please try again". Help was useless, as was the app. maybe because I didn't give it permission to access every piece of data on my phone? Dunno, but without any help its a brick.	bug report
I prefer the computer full app to this one, it is frustrating on this	feature request
Good for making calls but horrible interface	feature request
Great app, lots of improvements tru time.	irrelevant information
Still I can't believe the founders of Signal will sell it again like what they did for whatsapp. It is only because of Unethical countries like US based initiatives are always fooling it's users.	irrelevant information
EDIT: latest update has made this app almost unusably laggy. I'm on a $500 phone. It's not the hardware, everything else is fast. Tried clearing cache and data, reboot, reinstall. Still laggy.	bug report
Love the focused text...you know where they're coming from!	irrelevant information
I love the ease of sending voice messgaes. And it's nice to know that my messages are not being collected by the gov't. Group chats are fantastic.	feature request
Great App. Lotta of my friends and coworkers use this and love it too.	irrelevant information
Keep completing actions to get minutes, never receive minutes.	bug report
It is a good apps. I use it quite often & will continue to do so.	irrelevant information
Not working properly It have many bugs like typing error, server changing error solve it	bug report
I don't really like the app anymore. There are problems with my messages	bug report
So, I don't always have the number available to me and there are connection issues. But over all it's a good time.	irrelevant information
It sucks 😞	irrelevant information
It's good for it's gifs but message and layout wise I'd still use WhatsApp, which has a lot better basic features + video/audio chat.	feature request
The new version is pretty bad. It takes ages to first load the app after opening it from a notification or app drawer.	bug report
One of the very few secure private messageing apps	irrelevant information
If it were possible to give zero stars, I would.	bug report
birchwell cross platforms	irrelevant information
Good app, but has it's issues. Choppy audio dropped calls. ,But it is getting better slowly, really want to give 5stars	bug report
The app is good with the texting and calls arnt bad to be free, but the new layout made the app large and now the loading time is killing me sooo annoying, fix the loading and I'll keep it and give 5 stars.	feature request
Very glitchy at times you have to have a strong internet connection . Hardly any ads though and so far no viruses or any type of system issues through the app. Overall as long as you have a good wifi connection or data this app is definitely worth downloading.	feature request
I love it awesome thanks!!!	irrelevant information
Phone calls suck. And im pretty certain it isnt my internet connection.	bug report
I hate the theme update for the mobile phone, It's so useless and stupid. I liked the old one better where you can have the same theme as the computer one.	feature request
This app has always been brilliant. Never let's me down. The only app I'll ever use with my friends. Period. I've been using Discord for years and have watched it evolve. My issue with Xbox is the linking disconnection when I've already done it years ago and says it's not..	feature request
I love this app works good and I would ask everybody	irrelevant information
i like it but the groupchat i made is acting weird when i get a message from chat it sends on a individual text message not on groupchat please fix	bug report
Ok for chatting with other players in games.	irrelevant information
Love this app, but the most recent update made it so my keyboard dissapears whenever I try to @ anyone or type commands... so a vast majority of the app just isn't usable anymore	bug report
im having a problem receiving incoming calls and text.  Now another issue is when i go to read a text, its stuck on loading so i have to reset my phone	bug report
Make sure u use ur number i had about 700 minutes saved up and didnt use it for 20 days lost my number i had for 4 years and all my minutes !!!!!	irrelevant information
Its  absolutely idiotic stupid and a waste of data	irrelevant information
The recent decision to stop supporting regular SMS users makes Signal difficult to use. If you want to send a text to someone, you have to know which system they are on. This was a dumb decisionn	feature request
Awful. Continously logs me off randomly. Refuses to allow me to verify my number. Requires me to make new accounts and gives me an error when I attempt to	bug report
You have got to be careful of people use your own common since but the app itself is excellent	irrelevant information
Doesn't work sometimes and IRS a great way to text others with it.	bug report
Why are my calls failing?	bug report
Once you add credit it takes ages, like 30min for the credit to be available. Ive never seen something so soow like it	bug report
After the update it didn't fix any issues, it made the app unable to send texts, images etc. And for the love of God do not asked me to switch networks because my network is running smoothly. So please fix this damn problem	bug report
Very good in perfomance	irrelevant information
Lll kidding l lol llll lol into l ki out the Jon	irrelevant information
You shouldn't have to earn the minutes, they should let you call without minutes.	feature request
Installed and uninstalled for game	irrelevant information
Nights we don't have phone service thank you call app	feature request
I love text now im so glad to be able to use this app	irrelevant information
Trying to download the app but not downloading. It's fraustrating.	bug report
Don't always get photos, and it's buggy. Does its job though i give it that.	bug report
So far it's been very pleasant and easy	irrelevant information
Give mobile users the ability to use soundboard and I'll give it 5 stars. It's sometimes laggy and not always great, but it serves its purpose 95% of the time and is generally user friendly.	feature request
For some reason I'm not getting any notifications for new messages and I find this very troubling.	bug report
I will share with you later	irrelevant information
Skype has been a garbage app for a long time. It hijacks your camera or other apps prevent skype from using camera.	bug report
Even after deletion, this app causes spam pop ups on my phone constantly.	bug report
Always drops the calls	bug report
Latest update is worst	bug report
I think this app..  Work in some countries..  But more countries don't working..  I'm still not available..  I can't change my chat.,, online	bug report
I used to like this app but after the latest update, it went downhill. What	feature request
Great reception on calls, when the app actually lets you make calls. For weeks now I have been getting a "no signal" notification anytime I try to make calls. App worked great for about a week or two and since then no signal. I have gone through all the troubleshooting recommendations and no change. Judging from the copious amount of ppl responding on the apps help page, it seems to be the same issue everybody is having with this app. Very unreliable. I even bought extra minutes for it. Waste.	bug report
Good app to have plus it's free.	irrelevant information
So far I love it	irrelevant information
Good service	irrelevant information
Watched a number of videos to earn minutes and DIDN'T receive them! Correct the problem and I will revise my rating.	bug report
Praise the Lord Glory hallelujah thank you Jesus! ☦️✝️🌄🌅	irrelevant information
Wouldn't log in on phone one day, no reason why.	bug report
Great for group messages! We use this at work.	irrelevant information
This is a cool app and it works as it should. Thanks	irrelevant information
It's good in all but I can't call!! And yes I do have minutes	bug report
You guys are about to lose over 2k users because apparently this app is not secure and you don't keep things confidential.  If it wasn't for that this would probably be the absolute best app ever.	bug report
This app worked fine before SOMETHING happened. Now, I'll get STUCK on a channel multiple times a day and then I'll have to reset the app?! If I try to switch channels, the current channel will stay on screen. I can't even go to different servers/rooms. Resetting over and over is annoying and this needs to be patched. Otherwise, the app will continue to be mid.	bug report
Loading file is the only one drawback i found in this app.. Except that everything fine ...	bug report
Security is important, but sometimes need to check the old messages.	feature request
Does what it advertises pretty well, solid interface, and I haven't found any problems except that girls never respond to my messages...	feature request
Feyton	feature request
what happen to this apps?? it worse i cant send a message i try to uninstall and re install its not working!	bug report
Its nice I don't have any problems	irrelevant information
Somehow pulled my old last name from my ex husband instead of my remarried name. Won't allow me to click the link to join a discussion my trainer sent, just keeps sending me to the general home page of the app. Doesn't show the chat when I search exactly how it's named. Terrible app.	bug report
I don't understand this app how can I create my own account because it's very hard to me	feature request
Great app. Just to many texts from telemarketers. Need to do away with those.	irrelevant information
If the WiFi connection your using is strong then your almost guarenteed to enjoy using the app with no dropped or undisturbed call or text service. #1 when it comes to not having your phone service on & much more reliable than the "Text Free" app!	irrelevant information
Lol I rated this 5 stars a year ago. It's slowly become such an unoptimized piece of garbage that I have to restart the app about a 1/3 of every time I open it just to get it to properly connect and update. Some messages and Reacts just disappear into the aether. Please fix your stuff instead of breaking it...	bug report
sometimes when I open it I cant see my messages because when I get the notification it hides my message and i cant see it until about 10 after its been sent	bug report
Laggy replies and keyboard	bug report
I like it! I just dropped one star because as an Android tablet user I would like to use an app similar to the iPad one, not the phone app.	feature request
Shame on you sweden	irrelevant information
For me an Mandy Muse My 💕 it's 😃 Great since we both been caught on New Signal 🚦🚥 you know U S an the Kids been 👍 getting a long nicely on The new Signal app So I got a 👍 go.	irrelevant information
It should let us have free calls	feature request
Clear sound all around great reception	irrelevant information
this app is great for text if you don't have a phone number but this app is very glichy and it is not just my wifi or electronic it is just very glichy	bug report
I think the all i can say is that this app is good best for people who wanna make new friends	irrelevant information
You don't get to text with no internet	feature request
No way of turning off sounds for just chat notifications. I would like them to pop up but silently. Now I have to turn off all notifications just to stop the irritating Skype noises. Very poor configuration with android. Expected more.	feature request
Doesn't work for verification purposes.	bug report
New UI is hard to navigate and unbelievably slow. I don't understand the need for this revamp. We already had a revamp last year.	bug report
Great App but por support for Android. Android Auto cannot answer calls like iOS can on Carplay. There is no Android pairing with a tablet, unlike iOS and, when you send a message on Android auto you get a 'reply notification '.	feature request
sucks doesn't ever want to connect or let text go through	bug report
I am not seeing a lot of my message history in DM, even after searching for the messages	bug report
My time Is gone	irrelevant information
Its a great app for phones that can actually run it. On my old (and only) android it lags for over 7 seconds when using it, and crashes very often.	bug report
Meh. Lots of dropped calls, about twice the rate of having an actual sim card network connection	bug report
Errrm you have to PAY for verification codes!!	feature request
When I try to call my friend a08 repeatedly keep saying connecting and it will not connect to my friends and I won't be able to talk to my friend because I always say connecting	bug report
The new UI update is horrible! The app went from smooth, easy to use and intuitive to an extremely frustrating, clunky and unintuitive. The older version was miles better and there was zero reasons to change the UI. If something isn't broken do NOT "fix" it!	feature request
Alot of ads but other than that unless if u dont got wifi then u good	irrelevant information
Works pretty good service ehh ok loose drop calls when rainy bad weather a lot and breaks up a lot in bad weather but very happy and thankful to have Nd be able 2 have use this app e joy peace	irrelevant information
It should be to were we can change our phone number anytime	feature request
I gave the new UI a try for the past month and find it unappealing. Many actions require more effort to perform. Ie. Searching and switching to/from DMs. Additionally, there is a nasty bug that brings me to the same message repeatedly whenever I open a DM. I have to scroll to the bottom of the DM to read a new message. In the end, I forcibly rolled the app back to a previous edition and turned off auto updates. I will update if the above issues are addressed.	bug report
Never had need for this app.	irrelevant information
Update ruined it	feature request
I do like it, i think that's probably because I only talk to one person 🙃	irrelevant information
Sucks like ass app be freezing in a middle of a call and you can't even hang up sometimes got reset your phone call stay drop ing😡	bug report
Why me can't download on this Samsung s9	bug report
Texting is not free	bug report
Free text app needs money to receive text. Absolutely covered in ads. This app didn't used to be like that. Another corporation consumed with greed.	feature request
Calls are wonderful but the app as a whole is extremely laggy which is getting on my nerves and it sometimes can have extremely Loud static and echos	bug report
wont ring when i get calls and have to refresh every time i get a new message or call	bug report
Just got on to GroupMe not long ago, & so far, so good!	irrelevant information
hate that people use this to harrass other	irrelevant information
A good, strong alternative to FB or WhatsApp. Privacy and Security is top quality. A good app for everyone who values their personal information and doesn't want it shared or sold on. Share it with your friends.	irrelevant information
I never had any problems. Skype. but make sure you have an outlook email. makes things easier. I like all the information it has to offer.	irrelevant information
My number keep changing, and I had to buy the plus still yet the same thing all my $7 Gone	bug report
Not able to send message except us and Canada	bug report
The old ui system and interface was better for mobile, this new one is laggy, difficult to handle and boring, the old one was easy and could do multiple task like checking who dmed you without closing the server, and not laggy also, it was easier you guys should bring back old discord.	feature request
Works really well, updates me really often, the only downside was trying to get set up and invited to my group was super difficult.	feature request
I pay for nitro and it won't let me boost. Says something bc of Google play	bug report
My Discord app is not updating for a reason, I'm on ( Galaxy Tab S6 Lite ) and I tried to update the discord, but somehow, nothing changed. I hope discord reply to me.	bug report
Wouldn't transfer messages from native text app. Tech support said I missed a prompt that only ever appears once then its impossible to transfer all your existing messages. There was no prompt.	bug report
You know, why we have to "buy" minutes, to make even local calls, is beyond me. Other's like your service, do not. So, like before, I uninstalled, and I'll never use TextFree again.  It's very disappointing that you guys claim "Free calling" when it's only free for incoming and calls to other TextFree accounts. Sorry, but that is indeed, false advertising.	irrelevant information
The app works well and it's cool I can text my folks in other countries but I get a bunch of notifications saying I was just called by some random number and it's so freaking annoying ~!!! Does anyone run into the same problem?	bug report
Ui update is god awful, how in the hell do you go from something that's decent but worked to something completely different that only works after you close app 2-7 times, or begins to have issues if you watched youtube in full screen, closed app then switch to discord? I don't understand the need to change for the sake of change. Hell even the nitro stuff requires you to log in on PC, so what's the point of showing the options if you can't have access on IOS and Android?	bug report
Buggy on Poco X3 NFC with miui v14 Send button often gone, need to restart apps often before it comes back. Very inconvenient to reply chat if the send button is gone.	bug report
I love this app, but it doesn't notify me about messages or calls. I dont know if its my phone,(even though notifications work with other apps)but its a serious problem and its really irritating.	bug report
Yell I.berly getting this App so I.hope it works	irrelevant information
what is problem from 5 days any id are not sign up	bug report
Cool for enjoyable conversation across spaces, especially when the Internet is good. Not suitable for poor Internet connection	irrelevant information
Actual garbage. Use to work great. Now it won't even call out. Just says connecting. Or when someone calls you, you hear them but when you speak its completely mute. And its not a hardware issue because calling on other apps works just fine. Actual garbage get your stuff together text now.	bug report
The new update is horrible. Searching in server, looking at pins that were once full text and helped my players know what to do/where to go is now useless. Muscle memory keeps swiping and tapping things that have completely changed the way they work so when I try to swipe for pins, who's online, search, etc I reply to a post instead. Have to access messages differently. Why would you change the whole scope of how your app works? Especially when so many told you we didn't like it the first time?	feature request
Android keyboard gif integration has been broken for some time now. GroupMe is changing the gif into a still picture. This doesn't happen in other apps, and it's affecting multiple Android users in our group chat on GroupMe.	bug report
everytime I am on a call it drops..and sometimes u can not make or receive calls ..I only had it about a week so I given it a D for grade.... hoping it will get better before I ditched the whole app	bug report
Hi, I have a problem with a message "unaivailable in your country"... I'm from Ecuador Latin America, thanks for your help.	bug report
Using it daily and satisfied, wish when you link it to a computer you had the option to pull chat history, with password or pin	feature request
Our Oxford house runs so much better than before we had Groupme.	irrelevant information
Meh...won't send pics and vids when connected to wifi	bug report
How are you just gonna ruin your whole app by making it so I can't text non-signal users any more? The only reason I even kept this app was so I wouldn't lose all my text threads but now it's not even worth it anymore. What a crock. Y'all failed.	feature request
Have to update my review after version 211.15 - "Stable" update. Appreciate your update but this version is very much unusable and I am tired of trying to just ignore it.	bug report
I am not a fan. I got banned for "violating" their terms of service. I cannot get back on my number at all. When I did have it it was good for texting but I got banned for no reason.	bug report
I just registered my account then it says I am disabled? Something went wrong to your identification, I only started yet I misconduct? Please fix this I really want o use this app	bug report
After the last update Not working at all!!! Choose themes screen on forcefully without responding	bug report
New UI is horrendous	feature request
Privacy is important...throughly enjoy using it	irrelevant information
Moderation sucks but overall well made.	irrelevant information
This app sucks. Freezes up 90% of the time. Takes forever to load up. The only way I can shut the notification music off when someone texts or calls me is by restarting my phone. It interferes with other texting apps. Its a real aggravating app to deal with. Now I understand why its free. I have done spent $200 dollars on two more phones because I got so aggravated and smashed them because of this app. I tried re-downloading it several times and nothing works. Junk. I highly recommend you dont us	bug report
Awesome app to communicate with each other as a group 😊	irrelevant information
It .. OK. Recently text sound notifications have stopped coming thru no mater what I change in the settings. Call quality is sub par but passable.. sometimes. It's just.. OK	bug report
Unfortunately getting people to converse on anything but whatsapp is very tricky... I love the app, having it instead of Googles default sms provider is perfect. Due to not enough people I know on signal (and sometimes they don't get notifications) I don't think without sms support I will make any use of it. Hope they decide to reconsider, or come up with a new cool idea as I support anything not meta related.	feature request
They took my number even though I had just used it and it's still available but they won't allow me to get it back smh	bug report
Except the web desktop interface this app is the best	irrelevant information
As a replacement of Messenger and WhatsApp. It does the job. In use now for 3 years already.	irrelevant information
I cant wait till there is more phone options. Overall great app!	feature request
A good way to reach out.	irrelevant information
The perfect app for chat :)	irrelevant information
Good group msg app, but can be hard to pre-read messages due to small text box when entering a message, so you will need to type in another notes app and copy paste the message if you want to pre read.	feature request
The DM feature will not work for me. I have attempted to contact support multiple times and haven't gotten a response. Would be great if it did what it is supposed to do.	bug report
-Once you post a photo ... you cannot delete it. -And photos posted on chat do not automatically save to the gallery ... Need help with this	bug report
I can't ever hear when I get a notification with this app and for me it's	bug report
Not able to install this app. Automatically uninstalled in my device	bug report
I wish it would let you choose music for text sound, and the text sound is sooooo low. I miss a lot of texts. :-(	feature request
reading	feature request
though confusing at first, is better. Well organized and has a lot more	irrelevant information
Its been months since im using this and its really good,But it kept crashing alot everytime i opened it	bug report
When I Call Someone They CAN'T Hear  Me, And When I Text They CAN'T See Any Emojis I Send.	bug report
skype. End of a long story	bug report
Dropping SMS support, and will become nearly useless for me overnight as soon as it does.	feature request
I only get 1 call out of 10 why	bug report
Consider to leave after SMS has been removed. Might only keep on, because some family members are on it	feature request
The best WhatsApp alternative. The software is fantastic, however gifs and stickers from the Google keyboard don't always paste in the chat, saying signal doesn't support stickers. Also, the thumbnail of the image I copied does not always appear in the conversation section. It would be fantastic if there was a way to edit the chats. Also, the stickers are limited, so it would be great if it could accommodate external stickers.	feature request
As long my account Don't get verified like i need the phone number im good i just hate it that i have to do it in my different account	feature request
New update is horrible and every subsequent update fixes bugs for about a day, and then they come back. Getting rid of the swipe controls was stupid. The layout is stupid and unintuitive. All these canned message responses to reviews tells me that no one is actually reading anything or taking in feedback. I've never seen a company go to such lengths to destroy something so many people use and refuse to revert the changes after widespread outcry. Sad!	feature request
Keeping our group in touch. Thanks!!	irrelevant information
Never rings the first time somone calls me	bug report
I myself have used this app for years now. I have to say it's really good. The only thing is the new update is terrible in my opinion. It's harder to navigate and everytime I click a new text channel, it scrolls up into earlier messages making me have to scroll all the way down again. But overall a really good app and I have recommended to friends.	feature request
Hey GroupMe, your stuff is messing up again.	bug report
Good interface works well	irrelevant information
Outstanding really works great	irrelevant information
Been using Discord since 2017. Really really dislike the new update layout. Why keep changing what isn't broken? Every single new update they release now makes the experience worse.	feature request
if I add activity in the application, I will give 5 stars	feature request
Discord has always had its problems, but it was ok. Nowadays it's super annoying, aggressively trying to push users to pay for nitro - which is all the more reason not to.	irrelevant information
Why am I finding it hard to download this app😓	bug report
good app, but theres a bug where i cant send videos that are over 3 minutes. it doesnt send a warning, it simply just closes the app. i know my video isnt too much data to send so please fix.	bug report
Plss fix the bug my Gmail is right but I can't reset the password🥲	bug report
Hangs, lags, slow. Old one was best.	bug report
The newest mobile UI update completely ruined discord, made everything more confusing and harder to use, and is just a bigger load on the system.	feature request
Any kindof Mute do not work you made where the will call you a mute there self and the video they will hind there video I hate this app you can't delete anything to me The only one it is in private is 2 people talking to each other oh maybe no 1 else can look at what your content is who you are but Google is a data collector it won't let nothing go and it knows everything about you far as I'm concerned Google do not have the right to collect any data of any kind or save any password without f	bug report
App has a very bad UX, when I'm in call, I have to tap the screen to see the menu for microphone mute and other stuff but problem is, it's not showing immediately or sometimes never. I tapped and tapped but nothing happened. Please you don't have to hide those options. Make it visible for all the time. That way user can take immediate action whenever want.	feature request
It's good to keep up on playing games like Destiny 2 with my clan on my phone. But I can't ever use it for my Xbox gaming chat.	irrelevant information
messages work fine over VPN. Please investigate.	bug report
Having a lot of issues lately, discord has been crashing a lot lately or just not working	bug report
The app isnt letting me know when i get important messages and its messing with my work. My notifications are on and everything, thats not the problem theyre just not letting me know, i have to physically go onto the app and check to see if I have any messages, but by then its too late.	bug report
It used to work perfectly fine & had no lagging or notification or incoming message ringing issues. Now that I subsequently had to reset my phone and reinstall now these issues arose. I completed a help desk report and the issues aren't fixed and I'm sure they don't plan on fixing anytime soon. They send mediocre suggestions on how to "maybe" fix. It's basically a bug issue on pinger's side of the table. These issues occurred on my Huawei prisim 2. I uninstalled and suggest you find a better messaging app.	bug report
This app used to be great and I would get my notifications if I got a message now I won't get a notification at all that I have a message and I am supposed to I have it set up for me to get notifications for this app and I don't anymore I'm not sure what's going on with the app but this is very disappointing	bug report
THERE IS THIS BUG THAT MAKE THE CALL SCREENS MUCH LARGER AND IT'S ALSO VERY LAGGY PLS FIX IT NOW And why do you ban me on my other account?	bug report
Prompting me to subscribe can't get past the pay wall so it's not text "free"	bug report
Got problem phone number shows wrong number. Never was number I had. And its different on tablet .	bug report
I don't like this app at all so I took it off my phone.	irrelevant information
Can't even get into call or messages app don't recommend	bug report
Lags, can barely connect even on WiFi, I have one message I read that still says unread, and I don't get notifications for a group that I don't have muted	bug report
I just got told I need a new number over and over when I tried to send a text. So that was awesome for the 5 minutes I had it.	bug report
it keeps glitching telling me the app not working rn	bug report
It's a good app for communication and responses however event calender should be added. Currently not getting notifications from conversations until I actually open the app.	feature request
Great, secure way of sending messages.	irrelevant information
Wish you could keep a contact list separate from regular contacts and keep messages longer than 5 days.	feature request
Discord is great, we all know and love discord. This app is hot garbage. It's extremely slow to pull up servers or messages. It's completely unintuitive. Bring back the old app	bug report
everything is good in this app	irrelevant information
I proudly give it a two-star review. Not only because the spam calls but also when I try to call somebody the volume goes blank like there is no sound when it is supposed to be ringing. It only works sometimes and that is like 5% of the time!	bug report
Needs individual contact ringtones and the ability to use my phone's sms plan I have no problem paying for Skype calls but I get sms free even on a budget plan.	feature request
I had very few technical issues with the app and it came in very handy when I was living in an area where I could not get cell phone sevice. But I purchased a recurring subscription for the app that I no longer need. I have looked everywhere and cannot find a way to cancel.	feature request
There is something wrong Samsung Galaxy devices. I have Samsung Galaxy A54. Every time I use the voice message feature, my voice sounded so low, I have to increase my phone volume to around 80% to 95% just to hear the preview or the result. I'm afraid some people even my fans on my Discord server needed to do the same by increasing their phone volumes that much. It would be so annoying and irritating for them.	bug report
low cost awsome	irrelevant information
I used to use this a lot before I got my permanent plan. It has always been amazing and has continued to be so	irrelevant information
I hate the new menu navigation, please reverse.	feature request
The app is great, but it needs option to customize who can view your profile picture (just few contacts, not all of them) Please add it	feature request
The bets	irrelevant information
Wish I can give 0 star I can't even login, keeps saying invalid password or email even when I just reset it	bug report
This is a good communicable application between two country for public	irrelevant information
Texting is okay but when you try to make a phone call with the other person says they can't hear you too much static and going in and out so that's why I'm only going to give it one star that's just for texting if you could fix the phone quality I'll give it a higher rating	bug report
free isn't it...?	irrelevant information
I like GroupMe and how it's ran. Great way to communicate!	irrelevant information
I paid for minutes and I didn't use the number for awhile and they just ate up the minutes!! I know the number gets recycled or something... but my minutes I paid for got eaten up. No good SMH	bug report
WiFi quality degrades over time...on each WiFi connection...starts as Excellent the decrements to Poor without movement	bug report
oftentimes UI lays out in a weird way and some buttons get stuck outside of the screen. I have to restart the app to fix it every time which is annoying	bug report
Skype has very good facility and it's flow is also smooth without any hindrance. I have always used it confidently. It needs add one facility, for example when any call comes, it should message that the device is busy, because sometimes we are discussing some important issue or do not want any disturbance at that time. Now this facility is not available so it troubles the discussion and if we pic the call the discussion will be disconnected. Besides audio channel also need separate track.	feature request
Good but some bugs.	bug report
Since the update its become so awful to use, always have to re open it to view messages and the ui update was just beyond useless, change it back ffs.	feature request
Recent changes to the application has made me unlikely to recommend it to anyone. The UX changes are not intuitive, clunky, and difficult to navigate. The lack in parity to the desktop application and prioritization of monetization have become major turn offs, especially when other services offer similar features for free. I've down graded my application until a revision of the layout is made, or I'm forced to update. In case if the latter, I'm be uninstalling.	feature request
Suddenly BANNED for NO reason I've used this app for years with no problems. Suddenly I've been Blocked and Banned permanently. Customer support REFUSES to tell me why. I used this # for many things, and now I need to change my contact info for MANY sites.	bug report
Sim card y'all sent is not working	bug report
Everything is great yet continuously adds fire station, health emergency and police contacts to phone. Imagine 10 police numbers	feature request
This app is good but when you try to friend someone and you type in their name,it never shows you options of which person you wanna friend. Because there could be many people with the same name and you never know if your friending the right person. Please reply and help me to understand this	feature request
Too hard to sign up.	feature request
All my calls drop but the texting is good	bug report
Its ok but after like 2weeks i get registrait email and i put it but it says that email is alr taken	bug report
Awesome until last update and it freezes all the time. Sends messages over n over again to people. Please fix asap!	bug report
I really like this app and would give it 5 stars but my calls keep dropping and incoming calls doesn't ring.	bug report
I'm unable to log back in on my new device, it keeps saying something went wrong try again later. I been trying for almost a week now. I use this for work and it's very inconvenient to use my tablet for now. Pls fix?	bug report
Doesn't go more then phone	bug report
it helps me contact family and friends	irrelevant information
Ive been using pinger for a while and now that i got pinger ultra its been causing me problems..ive been having to force close just to get my messages to send and to receive them.. and the messages i thought were sent didnt send at all and i have excellent connection.. over all i love the app and the update but there are a few minor issues im having.. Pinger please fix this problem	bug report
Please fix bug for andriod,ios, and another apk in website	bug report
Don't waste your time with these Jerks! I have been a paying user for Months if not Years at this point and they deleted my account WITHOUT WARNING for apperinatly violating there terms and conditions' and what's worse is they said they can not tell me what or how anything happened. NO customer support on it so I have lost EVERYTHING out of nowhere! Worse is they offer services that DO NOT WORK in Canada! LOOK ELSEWHERE for a VOIP app with Texting because these guys suck! Google remove them!	bug report
I have been using this app for years and it's great for texting. Its one of the only free texting and calling apps out there where you can contact ANYONE, as opposed to the rest of them that require you to only contact other people who ALSO have the app. The negative is phone calls...if i have an EXCELLENT wifi connection i MIGHT be able to make a call. Also I can't get my phone to notify me when a call is coming in...i only know there was a call when i get the notification that i missed it.	bug report
Great app, but run by people who don't listen to the community. Adding a new UI and forcing users to use it while also removing the (already programmed) toggle to turn it off is unacceptable and says a lot about how they value their users. Discord doesn't care and actively make poor decisions that do nothing to enhance the app, even when there is a unanimous agreement against a feature. I'm forced to use this app only because everyone else does.	feature request
Video call its svce ...bad ...	bug report
Awesome so far.	irrelevant information
Took away the sms messaging	feature request
I really liked using Discord but unfortunately I have to give it a 2 star rating based on the recent update that makes it infuriating to use. The update makes you do more extra steps than it's simple old format, I just got confused trying to figure out how to DM people and it really SHOULDN'T be that hard to literally navigate a menu and send a text. I am very unhappy with this update and even when I tuned off automatic updates, it still updated and it doesn't give me the option to downgrade.	feature request
Very bad	bug report
I dont know how to use	irrelevant information
I tried to verify my number again but it said that the number i was going to use is already being used, i had discord awhile back now and i used my number on my old account but now i cant log back in my old account since i cant remember the password and log in information, so now when i try to use my number in my new acc i cant seem to get it to work, please help.	bug report
Great for College and a good way to connect with your classmates, outside of class	irrelevant information
When i received the number it keeps logging me out	bug report
this used to be an awesome wifi phone app. It is very dependable and has great call quality. It saved me from having to pay for phone service since having a very tight budget doesn't allow for it. I use it as my main phoneline, and it's associated with all of my major accounts in real life. But now, it says that I have to pay $5 per month JUST to receive a verification code if I need one. How is that fair? Obviously if I am using a free wifi based call/text app, I cannot afford the EXTRA fees!	feature request
Never used it, yet.	irrelevant information
GUYS PLEASE FIX THE BUGS, IM NOT ABLE TO SEND A 2 MIN VIDEO IN THE CHAT.	bug report
This is useful for traveling if you're not keeping your regular number. $9+ per week for verification codes is EXPENSIVE. I can get a cheaper phone plan with data. Having different tiers and doing monthly and yearly would be beneficial.	feature request
Its awesome aside from rare crashing its simply great and i can connect with so many friends, new update but for some people no matter how good your data is it wont connect to discord	bug report
Not going to update from now on until it allows me. Horrible new ui changes on the app as far as looks and accessibility goes. If I wanted to use Messenger, I'd use Messenger. Discord has always been the texting app I never thought would have an update to make me consider uninstalling. Well if I'm forced to update to this god awful ui I will uninstall. What's next? Stories?	feature request
Its not letting me upload a profile pic! It's starting making me mad	bug report
I Love Skype my grandson can talk to his mom or dad when is at my house	irrelevant information
Wonder connection and communication tool	irrelevant information
Indeed, it's private, and I love the graphics, and they made things easy	irrelevant information
it takes 3 seconds since you type until you actually see the letter on the	bug report
Unable to get notifications,	bug report
Would be 4 stars if emoji was working please fix this soon	bug report
Gotta pay to received a code nope thank u	irrelevant information
Isn't very reliable. Phone calls will end unexpectedly and randomly. Sometimes you won't receive calls or texts. It isn't completely a useless app however. It just has some areas that need to be fixed!	bug report
Love using the app, but it has a few issues. When I'm texting certain people, it only shows my text. Why is that? Can someone please help with this issue.	feature request
I recently bought skype credit, but no credit was given to me despite the fact that the payment was successful. (I did eventually get the skype credit after waiting for a day or so.) Hence, I tried contacting the support. I was initially on position 18 in the queue, and ten minutes later I was on position 1. Yet, after additional 20 minutes I still wasn't able to talk to the support team...	bug report
Max video length is 10 seconds. Other than that it's pretty much easy to use and nice emoticons	feature request
This app failed to sign me up for days. It wasted my time	bug report
The recent ui changes are unnecessary and annoying. Please revert them.	feature request
It worked brilliant at the first time when i used it. But later it stopped receiving OTP of WhatsApp and Even stopped receiving call. And also it doesn't play voice mail. Always show error when i press play button. Also started hanging on my device. Please solve it	bug report
Unfortunately I have no reason to use this after they removed the ability to SMS from inside the app. It's too hard to keep track of who has Signal and who doesn't.	feature request
The person i was calling said they could not hear me and they couldn't join the face time call or call so i have no idea what happened but i don't really think it deserves a 5 they could only text me	bug report
It's not good if you get the free option	irrelevant information
Listen it's me I'm sorry about all the times before I'm hoping you can accept the apology but I accidentally deleted my account its Grimm#5589 I was hoping you get me my account back please and thank	bug report
Push notifications? Where are they?  :(	feature request
chat app if your group is open to it. Unfortunately, mine is not.	irrelevant information
It is safe and private.	irrelevant information
It takes a while for text messages to go through also the signal is very really strong enough to make a phone call	bug report
Tons of adds, and it doesn't give notifications when someone calls or texts you	bug report
Be warned: If you change your pin, you will lose access to anything that's attached to your account forever, be it chat histories, stickers, or your bio. You can't even restore a backup you made prior to this! Not that the app ever tells you that explicitly, I had to find out the hard way. So make absolutely sure you never forget or change your pin or everything will be lost! I genetally prefer messaging apps that value their user experience a bit more, hence the one star review.	feature request
No problems and easy to set up.	irrelevant information
I got to talk to a friend who I have seen in 11 years thanks to skype p.s. I am 38	irrelevant information
It won't give me my minutes	bug report
Terrible. I went into the app and pressed sign up, but it did let me choose my phone number, but it is not signing up. I did all of this including force stopping the app, clearing my data, cache, and uninstalling the app but nothing is working.	bug report
Cant escape the bugs with this recent update	bug report
It's fine when it works. Seems like there is a new update every few days. Messages just stop going through until you figure out there is a new update. It's probably the most high-maintenance app I have ever seen.	bug report
No  one uses it😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😣😣😣😣😣😣😣😣😣😣	irrelevant information
For just texting, it's ok, but for calls, it SUCKS!!!!Calls drop left and right and that's using WIFI. Using data they drop too. It needs to get fixed immediately. For now, I don't recommend this app.	bug report
Doesn't call out a lot. I have to uninstall and reinstall just to get it to work.	bug report
Can the other person see the ads on the text? Or just me?	irrelevant information
I love everything about it	irrelevant information
It's a very useful app but... About the video calls... I have many problems...	bug report
Was perfect for a few years. Now they're dropping SMS support though, so I can't see myself using it anymore.	feature request
Too sweet for my liking	irrelevant information
Good, supportive,very useful.	irrelevant information
I have had great service on wifi however. I have purchased the sim kit and have locked in my number and now I have attempted to install and activate the sim and have only been given an error message asking me to attempt the instal in an hour. This was also after my IMEI was checked for compatibility.	bug report
Thank you skype for help to Iranian people,	irrelevant information
I LOVE that I can use the widget to see which group is currently sending me messages, but multiple times a day the widget blanks out.  I have to "trash" the widget & reload it on my home screen until it does it again. It's very frustrating.  Would give all 5 stars if the widget wasn't so frustrating. ...	bug report
Very disappointing actually!!!____	irrelevant information
I had group me at 1 time had not used it for several years now on it again but can't get my new groups to show. Very disappointing.	bug report
New UI is terrible, super slow app start, had to revert back to old version....	bug report
Only works over Wi-Fi service it sucks that it has to be that way	bug report
We use it to keep up to date info with most of our kids activities.	irrelevant information
so gar so good. getting mrdsagrs and its not interferring with other apps	irrelevant information
Vague updates like "tweaks, bug fixes and performance improvements" is unacceptable for a privacy app. Tell us what you're doing, every time.	feature request
Excellent performance. Functional as advertised.	irrelevant information
I love Signal, but I'm pretty angry they're removing SMS. Their justification seems disingenuous	feature request
Very good the only problem is that unless my phone is on speaker I can't talk to the other person.	bug report
THEY DELETED MY LAST REVIEW. this app sucks. It's slow, has to many adds. And worst of all it will not let me answer calls. Worst phone app ever. It used to work fine, then 2022 came.	bug report
Turning into garbage, not receiving texts....	bug report
Update has 'helpful tip' popovers that are annoying enough to make me look for an alternate app.	feature request
You cant delete messages or pics which is really stupid, wonder if they give it to the feds	feature request
This app stopped working. It sucks!	bug report
It's a really good app, but as of today I'm not able to send images without it stating that it's failed to send the message.. please help me	bug report
Great for group activity organization	irrelevant information
The app is bacically a necessity when it comes to talking to your friends or joining a gaming group call, so I can't really rate it lower than I did. However, there are many issuses I have experienced these past weeks (I had to manually update the app) that have never occured prior to updating the app. One of these issuses makes voice calls essentially useless, claiming that the app is still "connecting" to the call. Looked for a way to solve this issue, but the app has less settings than pc.	bug report
Very helpful and I'm very happy with it.	irrelevant information
My app won't load new messages. Only on the browser version.	bug report
Think it's about time to improve the quality of the voice calls	feature request
Since the update about a week ago, the app is significantly worse. Its filled with clunky unnecessary swipes and motions to do anything, It loads significantly slower and doesnt respond to taps, and if you try to upload a large file the whole app crashes. please revert this back to a usable update or least give us an option to use the old one the new one is unuseable	bug report
This app is not letting me send or receive picture messages and I just found out my bf has a BIG bill because my number is apparently a Louisiana phone number. NOT COOL! I also found out my text-free number is a SPAM NUMBER?!?!? This better not be a virus app! Plz get back to me ASAP!	bug report
Good and fast connection	irrelevant information
Every time it has an update it stops working and i have to redownload it and change my number again	bug report
do NOT use this app. after giving this app my email address, there was a sign in attempt from an unknown device. less than an hour later i received a spam call. immediately deleted my account and uninstalled. this app is free because they sell your information.	bug report
Works good. Once in a great while the person receiving the call does not hear my voice at all. Overall I am happy with this app.	bug report
It doesn't notify me when I have a text message anymore.	bug report
gif/meme hardly ever sends. Once in a blue moon can get one to go out on a brand new phone. All updates completed.	bug report
Affected my volume and also deleted some of my personal information.	bug report
i must say, this new update, I'm pretty impressed with new UI looks, kinda remind me with the UI that i likely use. I'm still not used to it, when typing message, and I can't feel vibration when holding(message/pict/link), or maybe it need some improvement.	feature request
Cant listen to spotify while on call.	bug report
in.....my user name on Skype is Funtime Springy the Animatronic Rabbit	irrelevant information
can not save photos	bug report
The new layout that everyone was forced to have is definitely troublesome compared to the old discord. The old one was way better, I wish you could choose what layout instead of being forced into this new inconvenience.	feature request
easy nice even layout	irrelevant information
Every time i try to talk to someone it is like this awefole sound that we both can hear	bug report
Hate! the inability to change online status notification in the Android app. Very user UNFRIENDLY.	feature request
its nice...and reliable	irrelevant information
Just downloaded the app now and can't get past the sign up phase. It keeps repeating the "verify you're not a robot" stuff. Kindly resolve this issue	bug report
It is alright. I get to talk with other people online. However when I put it into small tabs on another screen, it glitches. Please fix it, thanks.	bug report
Ads like crazy. New update went stupid with ads. Almost can't stand it now.	bug report
Signal sucks	bug report
Not for me i. This arraS	irrelevant information
Hopefully they'll revert the UI changes because they really sucked it on this one.	feature request
I think we should all connect!! calling or texting? whatever it takes during special events, birthdays, holidays, new years eves!!! let's become best friends😅🤞💗😁🤓👩‍🏫👩‍💻TEXTNOW!	irrelevant information
It's because it keeps on sayin log in when I did already it's getin annoying ugh but what i like about it is that i get to talk to my face YouTubers	bug report
Doesn't always notify when you have calls and texts... I miss a lot of calls because of this. Now I will even have the app open and it will show I have a missed call and a voicemail..doesn't even ring or give a notification	bug report
Improve in your app for work inside the India.	feature request
Enjoying clear audio & video calls	irrelevant information
can uninstall it finally.	irrelevant information
This is a great app and I use it all the time, but since being promoted to manager I get sent a lot of group texts and the app will notify me that I have one byt wont let me veiw it. The phone call quality was great but since the new update I can make and recive calls but just not hear them.	bug report
Can't seem to send or receive pictures	bug report
I am not able to use this app if I create an account it says ur violating ur terms and I dont know there are so many bugs freaking so many I am gonna uninstall this application and please try to push the update as soon as possible otherwise	bug report
The ads were fine till a few days ago when they started to go fullscreen even when Im typing. Pinger Inc, please fix the ads so that they dont go fullscreen. Or even add an option to pay for the ads to go away, because I will pay to make the ads go away. Thanks, ~Charlie	feature request
It's really easy to use and a really good way to get in touch with friends!!!	irrelevant information
This new update is very glitchy and it lags a lot and totally unusable please revert back to the old discord	bug report
Great app, gets confusing at times. I enjoy the functionality of this app, but there are places where navigation gets a bit confusing. I have a hard time finding what Im trying to get to, or i accidentally go somewhere i wasn't trying to. maybe its operator error, and i just need to use it more to get used to it.	feature request
Great app. I enjoy using it.	irrelevant information
I have alot of issues watching videos for the FREE minutes. Especially when doubled 2x more on occasions. And I dont receive half of them.! A lot of interupted calls get dropped due numerous ads /commercials popping up! Making it VERY difficult to text and have to repeat calls.	bug report
So it's only wifi now I'm guessing? My texts won't send over network anymore, and even sometimes on wifi	feature request
texts not coming through	bug report
It was good but icouldnt hear anything on call but the other poeple coul hopefully dicord coul fix this to me🙏🙏🙏	bug report
Runs sluggish on my S8. Interface could use refreshing and the emoji style is one of the worst I have seen.	bug report
Not Show Call time	bug report
Why is the Scype so slow? It takes years waiting for its Phone feature to react to a the numbers being pressed to dial.	bug report
Phone calls drop after 1-2 mins every single time. No dark or night mode. Too many ads for such crummy service	bug report
much time to load, there are many issue. Last six month or more u have this	bug report
I wish you would have saved my pictures and phone	bug report
Can't add people to a group call if they aren't previously in the group. Group call doesn't give a ring. It only gives a notification that goes unnoticed as any other notification. This specific missing feature is the main reason why everyone I know is refusing to switch to Signal despite privacy concerns! Come on!!! Please just add these features	bug report
Having issues while saving the videos.	bug report
After the newest update, every time I open my new chat (personal chat), it doesn't immediately scroll to the new unread messages Switching between servers to private chats are also not as smooth as before since they're in two different tabs. I kinda liked the old interface better when it comes to UX (although I do think the new interface is 'neater' when you look at it) Sometimes there's a glitch that makes me unable to send pics unless I restart the app	bug report
I use it at work. It's ok.	irrelevant information
I paid $4.99 for a permanent number and I got scammed. I want my money back or fix this bug. DO NOT PURCHASE A NUMBER People. It's a scam!!!	bug report
What happened to the good old Skype? The recent version is just rubbish - you can't see whether person is online by just looking at your contact list, there used to be these green/yellow circles next to the name, but I need to click on each contact every time. Why on earth did you change the whole layout?? It is sooooo user Un-friendly now!	feature request
Comes in handy for ah second line phone app.	irrelevant information
Very slow slow	bug report
Today I have missed two interview calls because when I get calls or make them I get to say hello then the call drops. Really frustrating 😡	bug report
Sometimes I receive a call but it doesn't allow me to answer	bug report
Give the option to return to the old UI, tell your software engineers to stop trying to fix something that clearly wasn't broken :)	feature request
Everyone is racist	irrelevant information
The slowest app on my Android Go 13 smartphone. 10 seconds to open messages 😱 dear people, please install Viber/Whatsapp and avoid this slowpoke. Don't install the Russian Telegram.	bug report
The archive chat feature doesn't work on pixel phone	bug report
This service is great other than the ads.	irrelevant information
I ended up having to set my calls and messaging to Text Now as the default. Until I manually changed it to the default for my calls n texts n my settings.	bug report
Too many annoying ads that you can't back out of.	bug report
Super slow experience, the app is clearly not optimized for Android phone.	bug report
I've never had a problem with this app until now. I can hear everyone else, but they can't hear me, I'm receiving text messages hours later.	bug report
It's fine but at the moment it's not giving me notifications! It'll be silent all day then I'll open it to a billion messages even though it's on online status and my phone's connected	bug report
I can't send photos, videos and memes	bug report
To many ads bring back the 4.99 plus subscription other than that great experience	feature request
I love this application because it is intended for gamers and games, and you can meet new friends.	irrelevant information
When I try to join a call it would say connecting and when I get in the call I can't hear anything and no one can hear me. Besides that it's good	bug report
No longer supoorting SMS! This is a huge disappointment, I liked being able to text everyone using signal, encryption or not. Now that they are dropping SMS and I only have a handful of friends on Signal, there's no point in me using it. It's not practical. Time to go back to my buggy, bad default SMS I guess. 😔	feature request
All I want for Christmas is to give you 5 bucks for a no ad version!  The ads kill my data! Please	feature request
The team that made this app are exceptionally creative Keep it up	irrelevant information
Works for what it needs to.	irrelevant information
With the newest update I cannot use the app, because it crashes continuously.	bug report
Excellent app. Secure and private. Open source. You're not controlled by Big tech companies like Google or Microsoft.	irrelevant information
Can't seem to create an account and I'm not sure why ..	bug report
I need the upgrade!! And i need it so can you help me out!??	feature request
I used it for years, uninstalled after they dropped SMS support.	feature request
The new UI is not the best update that has come to discord and has infact effect the flow of managing friend accounts. If the devs see this review I highly suggest reverting back to the original UI as doing so will fix the now uncomfortable layout of this new update.	feature request
Great app for chatting in a group just don't like how buggy it is.. It freezes up a lot for me and messages have a delay when trying to send and receive. I get the notification but takes a while to pop up on the feed. other than  that,  ok app.	bug report
I have to have this app for my kids sports notifications. IT WONT EVEN LET ME SIGN UP!!! Uugghh. It's crazy. I shouldn't have to work this hard for an app. I've been trying for over a week. Even updated it. Still nothing. Just frustrated. It's a shame. My husband is having the same problem. I have an LG phone and he has a Motorilla. So, I don't think that's the issue. Whose bright idea was this anyway. I'd rather use carrier pigeon at this point!	bug report
You know what's a bit terrifying folks? When it's not advertised in giant bold print that by using an app... you consent to your screen lock being disabled and people being able to do whatever they want to almost everything on your phone. If you use this app, your phone is already the shared digital/intellectual property of the developer, it's just in your palm, dear user. Why would anyone consent to the contents/projects on an SD card or a phone to suddenly be allowed to disappear or be stolen? If my friends and family were being interacted with by an adulterated extension of myself I would consider it criminal. Lesson learned... PHONE CARD. The other text/call apps have similar complaints. If you don't have the money for a phone card then you are putting yourself at risk using these kinds of apps, for 'free'. The information age thrives off of ignorance as much as the iron age thrives off of swords. Like, develope and administrate an app like this? The motive would probably be stealing and selling information. Talk about fine print... And even if no one cares, earn credit methods don't function, I could only text. So, maybe become less suspicious or share your intentions in all these ridiculous permissions. From 5 stars and good review to this straight up real talkin'. Please keep the public informed.	irrelevant information
Free WiFi texting is great but app really causing phone to lag and freeze	bug report
Been having issues for months now I can't even get it to call out anymore 🤦‍♀️	bug report
Love the text now app but just wish that you could keep your phone number a little longer it may not be necessary all the time to use it but then again other times it's very necessary and you're always having to give out a different number no one knows how to get a hold of you so unless you buy it but that's okay it's a free phone I'm not complaining thank you very much	feature request
i can not scroll chat when join a group chat then back	bug report
When it becomes perfect you wont even notice it :)	irrelevant information
Every time I call a friend and they go into a game it makes me not hear them and all of a sudden they get out of the game and go back into the app i can hear them then	bug report
This a good app but I can't see the images that people send me	bug report
This app is used by a lot of job scammers so, maybe don't use this app. I'd give it zero stars if I could.	irrelevant information
Images generated with MidJourney V5 cannot be sent to someone else, they are completely black. The format is .png	bug report
This app won't notify me about calls and texts, I'd have to physically open then refresh the app in order to receive what wasn't delivered, pls fix.	bug report
I'm sure you will take care I can see the text I got a few friends that sent a text to me and wants to know if I can get to take a look at it to anyone who has a text to see what it says on the site to see	irrelevant information
Reception not working good	bug report
Just as long as its secure	irrelevant information
Lost my credit of $19 just because I had not used it for a certain time. Skype felt they can just have it 🤔😲. Thieves.	bug report
Does not transfer to new phone well	bug report
kindly enable chat history.	feature request
Today i have had problems with sending a receiving texts. I will send a message and it will pop up with the 'sorry' message and make me retry my message. Also everytime i get a message the 'sorry' message will pop up even though i have gotten the message.	bug report
I've had the app for three years I'm thankful they need to take out the ads every time we use the phone no need to see them it's useless to me...	irrelevant information
Used to be great now a very buggy and uneven UI the PC app is fine but the mobile one keeps going down the drain with time.	bug report
Great when u out of service	irrelevant information
When we calling anybody on this app then call is not going and quit automatically	bug report
Great to use 👍 keeps me informed about my son's team! Go DODGERS!!!	irrelevant information
Simply a cool app.. You want features? It is absolutely here	irrelevant information
When this works, it's great. However a lot of times when I'm added to new groups, it does not show up on the app. This has happened on many different phones I've had.	bug report
Not able to connect Bluetooth headset. What makes situation even worse is	bug report
Notifications do not work in the last month or so.	bug report
I loved this app, but after numerous updates it changed for the worse.  Now I have to open Pinger and select reset to receive my messages even though I set it to notify me when I receive msgs. In addition, there's a huge time lag between when someone sends me a msg and my receipt time.	bug report
It's alright should have been more credits	irrelevant information
If you remove sms capability I will uninstall the app. I see you removed it, so I uninstalled it.	feature request
I've almost missed work related calls and chats on here because the app doesn't have a notification. Forces me to open the app almost every few hours to avoid danger.	bug report
It's a great app just like Whatsapp it doesn't have just status that's the only improvement they need	feature request
Why skype freezes when i open it in my android phone.?	bug report
The encryption is great. However, besides a few bugs, SMS support is being cut off, without any apologies. This is very inconvenient for me. Bad on Signal! UPDATE: I just updated Signal, and now it flickers every time I write! Shame on Signal.	bug report
I can't see what I'm typing it's like the ads take over so I'm constantly having to click on that last thing I typed just to see my message. it's very irritating	bug report
i have a samsung a34 5g and the voice message feature works but it only picks up my voice very softly, it works normally on my huawei mate 20 lite but not this one, yes it's up to date...	bug report
Been using this app for over a year. I love having a second number!	irrelevant information
Updated the app earlier and it suddenly starts misbehaving. Uninstalled and installing again, I hope it doesn't misbehave again	bug report
I used to love discord! The app worked just as perfectly as the desktop version but this new layout is -awful-. Inefficient and with unnecessary clicks and just...igh. Horrible. You could have implimented the changes you wanted without fixing what wasn't broken in terms of interface.	feature request
used to be the best but now it's literally the worst and completely useless	bug report
It wouldn't complete the registration process.	bug report
Love the convenience of having important conversations all in one group	irrelevant information
I'm disappointed the developers haven't updated the app for smart watch features. I would like to quick rely from my watch and read messages. Also, why can't two end users after to have the option to share and save pictures? That should be an off feature until one end disagrees. I'm give a better rating when I see these features.	feature request
Buggy and a bit laggy on the new update. Sometimes, it takes forever to connect. Laggy when switching from servers to messages. UI was a bit hard to adjust to. Fix the buggy connecting issue, I keep having to restart the app to have my messages update and sometimes that doesn't work.	bug report
Update Mar 19th: SMS support is removed and so is Signal. I stand by my original review on this. I'm in cybersecurity and the decision to remove sms is typical of amateur or power hungry security professionals. The job is about balance guys. Annoy threat actors without annoying your users enough they find a work around or leave.	feature request
Can't even send images or videos anymore since the new mobile update. It always tells me something went wrong and to retry. Even once I reload the app and try again it still doesn't work. The new UI is confusing as well. I do like the addition of being able to see all the media and links in one place though. The app is good overall but the new mobile update is just breaking things on our end.	feature request
The faux icons alone make it a 5 star for me.	irrelevant information
It mutes itself if you have not texted, so I do not like that I use this for work, and It keeps going mute. I don't get the backup text either.	bug report
Fine just great that it's free.	irrelevant information
Buggy asf. Does NOT send notifications for new messages. It's comprehensive and has amazing communities. But the app itself is meh.	bug report
its amazing, i just wish we could see if someone read my text or not	feature request
I love discord but this latest update is the worst, most buggy thing i have ever used in my life. I hate this latest update with every fiber of my being.	bug report
It's easy to get started to chat the only thing I don't like is you can't see if someone is writing a message in a chat !	feature request
Great app!! Though it never let's me send images in the phone gallery.	bug report
petition to change the UI back :)	feature request
This App is so nice but discord plzz fix the time issue	feature request
Company had my previous review deleted. So where to start it's an ok app... Except you have to send a text once everyday or you lose the number assigned to you and it use to be a couple weeks before that happened. They also use to have a yearly plan to lock your number in for $4.99 but now it's a monthly subscription now. I've decided to go with another app just because of how annoying it is having to text or call someone everyday just to keep my number.	bug report
Smooth as silk.	irrelevant information
Can the cam in app take horizontal pics?	feature request
I used to love this app. Now I'm getting non stop notices that I need to install a new SIM card or be deactivated by 3/20 I spent an hr with VZN 2 find out if i do that my phone will not work! Then i chat with TextNow for 40min giving them all my info & find out, I don't need the new SIM card, I still get these scary messages! Who knows what wouldve happened if I swapped out cards & lost phone access & who knows what will happen in a week! But I'm not taking chances got Google voice.	bug report
Never used	irrelevant information
Used to work great bit now im getting text messges in a bundle hours later from when they are originally are sent..very unconvenient	bug report
my e-mail cant sign in 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆	bug report
The new UI update is much worse and slower than the old UI. The server tab hasn't really changed other than being slower than before and swapping between servers and user conversations is much slower and more annoying than before and even seeing who is in the servers, now you have to tap the top of the chat to even see who is in it or on. It is much slower and takes extra steps for something simple. Do not fix something that isn't broken, please.	feature request
When I put the verification code it says it already in use i tried it over and over for like 2 hrs pls do something about this	bug report
New update is now crashing when I click on a spoiler tagged image so I can't view them anymore. By this I mean it closes the application down and and stops running Please fix this (And I'm not complaining about the UI, I'm now used to it).	bug report
The signal is the alternate of whup ... This my lovable app using it since it's built the new update it's so much brothering me asap please bug the fix issue of video cll,n text sending late issue...	bug report
I can't get verification codes for free	bug report
Left a review that was apparently deleted, so here it is again. Discord mobile USED to be fantastic and do its job very well, but they've since forced an update that is horrendous. The UI/UX design is worse than before. You have less information available on each screen, and it takes more clicks to get where you want. So much information is hidden behind unnecessary clicks, unlike before, that it just feels clunky.	feature request
some times can't hear on the other end	bug report
Edit (12/7/2023): ( * * ) Downgrading review and removing nitro subscription until horrible new update is either repaired or rolled back. New layout no longer optional. Slow, buggy. Accessibility has suffered. Multiple swipes to see previously accessable info. Changes don't increase usability. Managing many chats harder. Prev Review: ( * * * * * ) Not only is it a great tool the Dev are always striving to make it better they take account of user feedback and have an extremely vibrant community	bug report
The phone notifications no longer working! Messages are not notified. Please fix guys :(	bug report
110% of my calls are dropped and less than 1 minute into the conversation or not at all the other person can't hear me. Please fix it. Please.	bug report
App is getting worse and worse for real. It used to stuck on a frane when others open their camera before, now it doesn't even show them when theit camera is on. It constantly crashes ( I mean really, every single time ) when switching between different servers or even when opening chat window.	bug report
Removal of sms capability has nerfed the app.	feature request
The app is good with innumerable bots but recently it hangs and crashes for no reason	bug report
Doesn't display any images or embeds correctly.	bug report
Don't like it not a free app	irrelevant information
I can't text ANYONE!	bug report
Best pre-paid serious on the market today! 2023!!!	irrelevant information
Good for chiling with the boys, full of weirdos tho.	irrelevant information
Using SMS and sending pictures with this app is sometimes super buggy. The SMS sometimes never gets sent and just keeps loading. The picture selection screen shows a bunch of black pictures instead of the actual pictures...	bug report
My calls were stable today. Thumbs up	irrelevant information
The app won't get passed the enter PIN stage on my motox. Tried over 20 times. The PIN never came via text or phone call.	bug report
I need active friends forever please help me	feature request
App slows down whenever we chose emojis or GIF. It did not happened in previous versions. Poor Update	bug report
I enjoy using discord Although there is a problem I'm on discord mobile I would like to say discord itself Is a good app if I wasnt receiving these problems I would rate it a 5 The problems I'm having on discord mobile is it's super buggy sometimes I would be chatting in servers or to my friends and the messages just freeze I usually have to restart my discord 10 times a Day cuz it's so buggy I talked to other people who are on mobile and they tell me they are having the same problem	bug report
I dont have money to buy the message receiver	irrelevant information
Horrible messages don't go through keep saying I'm texting too fast this is my company phone n is a shame I have to keep uninstalling n installing just for messages to go through very upset and pissed off I'm missing money	bug report
It's fun n u get to make new friends m learn to trust new ppl it always suck bc it took away my nitro n it hasn't been a month yet always when it says free nitro didn't work scammers	bug report
TQ very quick support. My problem solved in 10 mint	irrelevant information
becomes unresponsive/frozen after 10-15 seconds ... please fix	bug report
its ok, this needs free calling tho...	feature request
I tried getting this app for texting purposes and was very excited to create an account until I entered my email and created a password only for it to sit a load until I closed out of the app or the timer ran out... I was rather disappointed and now have to find something else.	bug report
There is still a Security breach. Servers can still get your IP.	bug report
Video uploads don't play. Plus the new UI (don't fix what's not broken) is horrible	bug report
Please fix the app behaviour with foldable devices. I'm sick with closing and opening Discord when I use it on cover screen or inner screen respectively.	feature request
My calls are almost to a telling point constantly cutting off but I can't get services so this app is very helpful and I am grateful for the most part it has help me in so many other ways.	bug report
I guess my former problem of verifying was fixed glad to know you guys attend to complains although I lost my old account but no prob. Good app	irrelevant information
Keeping the poor ui changes aside because that I can bear somehow but the performance issues are another thing the app literally doesn't load new images,profile image and emojis after 10 mins in the app .	bug report
Didn't know I needed to buy credits for international calling. After a friend called me it cost me to talk them when attempting to buy credits was told it would take 48hrs to appear in my account. I WON'T NEED THEM IN 48 HRS.. I needed them then	bug report
I have emailed more than once. I actually watch your videos and would like my minutes. I have downloaded three games bc uhh I watch the videos. Please give me my minutes. This is a recurring problem. Fix this please!	feature request
I enjoy the app, it is less problematic than the other apps but I am only giving it 3 stars because..... it does not meet my needs. I purchased the service for the sole purpose of verification codes. I did the trouble shooting, I have adjusted all the settings along with all the google settings and nothing worked. I am keeping the app because it is pretty cool and I'm using it on a phone without service. If the developers can solve that issue, I'll gladly up the stars to 5️⃣	feature request
Nice, but need to improve on delivery messages thanks.	feature request
It's fine but I do need to mention annoying bugs that I encountered. - Visual bugs(names on PC is different than on mobile) -Sharing screen bug(when scaring screen the connection stability is very low) -Random Disconnection from vc servers	bug report
Quite glitchy on mobile following a recent update. Must often restart app to get sent messages to load, many friends are experiencing the same.	bug report
It's pretty good, but i have two complaints.  1) When I text from the app on my phone, I have to text really slow or else it freezes, the keyboard disappears, and I have to close the app. And then it loses what I was in the middle of typing.  2) So glad I can send and receive pics now without that email address... But sometimes the incoming pics are very delayed.	bug report
Hi, I was wondering why discord suddenly shows connecting while I'm on a call and when I tried to uninstall it and log in again, it won't let me. It won't work both on mobile phone and laptop. I already checked our connection and it's fine. I also try to open the Support website to report this but it really won't open.	bug report
Your Skype video calls have been dropping without warning. The past two weeks I have noticed a big change in the quality of your services. I'll be talking with friends, when the video unexpectedly stops & freezes, then the call is disconnected. My friends are also having these issues. Please fix! Thanks. ☺☺☺	bug report
HATE the new layout. It's all over the place and makes getting to everything so much harder. Still a great way to keep in touch w gaming buddies. But this new layout and UI is unforgivable.	feature request
Deleted my account without me asking them to. What's that all about? They block some email providers like tutanota.	bug report
Cant seem to get free minutes. I watched 2 videos and compledted one action without being credited. I downloaded this app to text people from my tablet. Everytime I sent a text the app says my phone number expired even though I just selected one. Even if I select a new phone number it still won't let me send a text. UPDATE: I did send an email however I have not seen a response.	bug report
It is really hard to use in mobile. This app can't run smoothly in some mobiles.. 😒	bug report
pretty good service over 80% of the time	irrelevant information
There should b a option to delete your account fr and every time u open the app it takes a fat min to load up ur contacts shows blac screen and the calls are crappy its sometimes hard to understand each other	bug report
The application is very slow and hangs a lot. Either the UI is very heavy or not optimized efficiently at all. I have been using Skype for the last 13-14 years or so. I remember it used to work like a charm with 512b ram single core laptopa. It feels like Microsoft is letting Skype die a slow death only to make teams mainstream. Skype has seen it's best golden days. But now it feels like a ignored lost cause. Do something Microsoft. Skype is a useful good product which needs attention.	bug report
freindly to use	irrelevant information
The app is good, but with the recent update, whenever I'm in a call, it would make my screen go black at random times. I hope this issue can be fixed.	bug report
Love using the app, but wish the group owner had deletion privileges.	feature request
Very good privacy chat app...	irrelevant information
Forced update! Installed this app for privacy benefits. Now that Google stops you seeing permissions before you install/update I have to rely on 'developer says you can trust it' bs. This is one forced update too many.	bug report
Best messaging app I've seen yet. But you changed the UI, and I can no longer see when I'm speaking. Sorry but that's a big deal to me. Fix it.	feature request
It keeps telling me my textfree number was inactive, Even after I choose another number. Please fix	bug report
There's a delay when opening the app but otherwise it's great!	irrelevant information
If your Wi-Fi is good, app is pretty good too	irrelevant information
Great app, great quality!	irrelevant information
Was much better when it could still handle text messages...	bug report
Ever since an update or something. I am unable to highlight text to open the menu that mentipns reply, copy, and etc. Menus dissappear and text is shifted over to the right, as well as images.	bug report
Bad servis with bot	bug report
Its dead if you dont rlly have that many people to talk to but its alright	irrelevant information
Sometimes my notifications don't pop up so I see my texts late. Also the calling quality sucks. Other than that its a pretty good app. Would love a option to change the theme	feature request
Can't download It	bug report
At first it works great for the first or second day but now I'm having trouble receiving messages. So I have to uninstall it and then install it again.	bug report
It it ok but the pin option for the app is no longer there and it make it hard to use it like I use to.	feature request
I don't know if they're making this app better or worse there are good changes and then really bad ones but I do enjoy being on this app though	irrelevant information
Tried to make an account can't even make it thinking Im a bot or spam thats load of bs can't even make account also the verification code expires emmiditialy this is bs	bug report
Maximum 30 second calls before it hangs up on you. Most of the time most texts don't send.	bug report
Better than whats app and safer. Hope it doesnt end like them.	irrelevant information
Ever since they rolled out the new mobile update, Discord has essentially become unusable. Finding anything has basically become a multi-step process. Want to switch from a chat to a server? You now need to back out of the chat, hit the server button, THEN you can find the server. Oh, can't forget how chats will now show you old messages first! The simplicity and convience of mobile has gone down the drain with this update.	feature request
Trouble connecting	bug report
App never rings properly like it either won't ring and I will just have a missed call or it will ring and freeze my phone	bug report
It is a good app.  However, it blew up all of my friends phones some of them aren't top happy!!  Not the best Idea.	bug report
I've used signal for years but i have no intention of keeping it without sms	feature request
Ripped by Google Duo!! 😭	bug report
Nice experience working and chatting with the app...my first experience wasn't funny but I understand the app now	irrelevant information
Signal is hacked by dutch government be aware of this please.	irrelevant information
I don't like the pop ups and ads everytime I get off a call or something the phone numbers on here may not be Supported.	feature request
Removing sms support is really bad idea	feature request
I dont like it because u have to add minutes	irrelevant information
New update is awful. Can't see who is online	bug report
How do I add fresh new contacts not saved on my mobile phone if I only have there email? App is laggy keeps crashing after 1 day of use so it upto date, in chat zo is useless	feature request
Was so happy when I first came across this app cause I am currently deployed and wanted to keep in contact with those back home. App worked good the first couple weeks and now it sucks. I have to constantly keep hitting refresh to get my messages and mist of the time I STILL don't get them till hours or days later. Please fix ASAP	bug report
I like the additional security measures they have added. It is a very stable app BUT it is still dependent on the stability of the internet connection. It keeps on reconnecting during the call.	bug report
horrible UI change	feature request
Have a great conversation with anyone	irrelevant information
Doesnt always show new messages, this is a deal breaker on its own. I've double checked all my settings	bug report
The New design is awful, having everything on the screen was a feauture of discord. Now it's almost the same to any other messenger. At least the pc version is still fine so i put 2 instead of 1 star	feature request
The app is not working?! For three days now its going on and off and now not working at all.	bug report
Discort bot doesn't work well in Afghanistan. I tried the same commands as other countries' users but got different results. I think Discord doesn't use its full potential in countries like us.	bug report
For whatever reason they got people that can't make a good UI and now you are forced to use it, I don't get what was wrong with the old one, it was optimised and user friendly, but now it's a mess. Sort it out and get people who have users experience in mind, not trying to make everything look complicated and fancy. Desktop users have the same layout so that's fine, mobile is not good nor optimised, was fine before this uncessary change	feature request
It's weird you have to answer or you're gonna be kicked out because some people don't answer messages	bug report
Finding it to be complicated, hard to navigate	feature request
The update made the app more slower and more complicated.	bug report
I use signal as my primary chat and free phone by net, since 2023 I couldnt login to my phone after factory reset. Always stuck in hcaptcap (we need to verify that u re human part) I choose the right one But always back in enter phone number	bug report
Minor UI inconsistencies must be fixed immediately. EDIT: Thanks for this update. Message editing is live now! I love this feature. I would love to see the increased attachment size limits.	feature request
Absolutely love the app. I trust Signal to keep my data secure. Im rating two stars because I use the app as my default message app. They're forcing me to have separate apps for messaging because they're removing SMS support. I've used this app for years. I dont want to have separate apps for messaging. Thats a huge inconvenience and not a good user experience at all.	feature request
In the past this app allowed sms messages to contact those that didn't use Signal (like members of my family, 2fa messages etc) while having more secure, encrypted messages between Signal users (like my friends). That allowed me to make it my primary messaging app instead of going back and forth between multiple. Now they plan to stop sms capablility. I will likely uninstall, because unsecure comms with everyone I care about is better than secure comms with only a small fraction of them.	feature request
app as soon as possible.	irrelevant information
I hated it you had to log into Facebook to even do anything	bug report
New UI is horrible and the notifications have been inconsistent lately. Just stick to your original UI instead of trying to copy other mobile messaging apps	feature request
Nice app. Wish it was slightly more user friendly	feature request
I was lead in by an imposter	irrelevant information
It sucks my battery dry and makes my phone so slow.	bug report
I run this app on a Google Pixel 7 at the latest version of Android, why does this app run slower and way buggier than my OpenSUSE Tumbleweed version of Discord from the repos? It was perfect before Discord decided they had to break a good thing and now I can't even use another app without Discord glitching out and it takes an extra 5-10s on high speed wifi and 5G just to open the app. I hope there's a competitor soon because how the mighty Discord has fallen	bug report
Top shelf quarter lick smile if you're lying and that's your boy	irrelevant information
My account was flagged for violation of terms while I was still in the middle of creating it. Apparently, it's against the rules to download the app.	bug report
i cant login with my gmail account ... why?????	bug report
Dropped calls suck tho	bug report
rarely ever works and it never ends the call when i click the end call button or hang up button	bug report
Cannot dial a phone number. Thats like a basic feature of a phone. Does it have to look through every contact with every digit? It used to take like 30 seconds to dial a number and on my new phone it does not even work. Please instruct your young developers about basic phone features. Thanks	bug report
Im unable to answer or ignore calls. Please look into that.	bug report
The redesign is horrible	feature request
Thanks for always protecting our privacy. One day I will really want to meet you to help in this work.	irrelevant information
App is buggy. Tried to sign up, nothing happens.	bug report
don't care about feedback, furry ran and hosted app with illegal cp/sex trafficking communication servers. vile cesspit 🖕🏻	irrelevant information
No number blocking/spam reporting. Can only send 1 pic per text	feature request
To many fakes and scmmer	irrelevant information
Trying to register my number for the past three days. But every time I try it says, too many attempts to register this number. I just need to get back to my account.	bug report
It's free but it requires me to pay	irrelevant information
Good for texting, but it has some issues. Thought it was fine up till maybe a week ago, when suddenly all the chats lost their names even though they are contacts, instead just displaying the number. More importantly, it no longer displays any pictures sent in the chats, either to or from me. I figured no problem, I'll just update. Which I do...and exactly 1 picture is now visible. The most recent one. Restarted the app multiple times, nothing changes. And thats super frustrating. All it says is "image or video is no longer available". Even the ones I've sent. Can't find any fix online, support page was no help. I want to rate higher cause i generally like the app, but this issue is a major handicap for me, to the point the app itself is almost worthless to me now. If there's a fix for this, please let me know and I'll gladly update ranking.	bug report
Love it, always works great	irrelevant information
Use to love this app but now it doesn't receive texts or calls until hours later	bug report
I wish I could delete or edit messages. If you hide messages, then you miss the next message that is sent. I did receive an inappropriate message from a spammer.	feature request
My friends an I use it?	irrelevant information
Needs work with call quality, text  speed, ads, and being able to dial 911.	feature request
Accepted my new password. It's ok.	irrelevant information
The app is slow needs some improvement on this side also the audio is bad	bug report
Can no longer receive text verifications for free. You must buy Text+ plan. Pointless to name the app TextFree if it isn't free to receive simple text messages.	feature request
Today's video call went much better. Most of the time the audio quality is mediocre, but I would still give the app a rating of a four.	irrelevant information
Ive used Discord for years and its always been great, but the new update has made it near impossible for me to use. Different chats dont load up when I switch channels and I dont always see if my messages have been sent. The UI is also making it slower and overall worse. Please make the new UI resemble the old one and I will change my review	bug report
Slow as hell but it works!!!	bug report
I loved this app until they dropped SMS support. It's the same thing that happened to Hangouts - a do everything app that just worked and then the developers went off the rails. I'm not using multiple apps to communicate, and I didn't really require secure comms except a few times. If they bring SMS/MMS back, I'll come back.	feature request
The app my money and I received no tokens. Just download it today. Lost 1.99. Update the email doesn't work to contact them to resolve this problem.	bug report
international video call audio and video sucks and lags, but otherwise ok	bug report
I don't know these peoples.	irrelevant information
For years this app has worked great. Over the last 6 months or so pictures will not load that are sent through GroupMe. Very frustrating when I have to constantly uninstall and reinstall the app just to get it to work.	bug report
Love it. For a second number it works great!	irrelevant information
It's all right. I like it. It's fun. I'd by the actual phone and service but there no service here where I'm located.	irrelevant information
I was on discord and for some reason it just logged me out. It said " Verification Required" It also said " We've Detected something out of the ordinary going on, And we want to keep you and the community safe. To continue using Discord, we will need to verify your account." What does that mean? And I can't get around it.	bug report
logged me out and can't get back in	bug report
It's a good ap and an amazing thing to talk to people on I just wished it saved any convos or friends you had after you delete it and try to reinstall it no matter what	feature request
I just read group scheduling messages I think I signed up on Facebook	irrelevant information
Got blindsided by the update today. It's horrible. I can't stress enough how atrocious the new Discord is compared to yesterday's Discord (literally). The old UI was user-friendly enough, this just makes it hard to navigate. Never needed seperate tabs for servers and DMs, never will.	feature request
FIX GLITCH. In the middle of doing something on my phone textnow just pops up and I cant go back until after 30 sec. does this on and off throughout the day. had to uninstall.	bug report
Superb but video call is very poor problem And online show not the screen please update to online show right now	bug report
Perfect app but bring back the old logo	feature request
Notifications do not always show up. Other than that good app for group chatting.	bug report
As long as not owned by meta, it's alright... meta censor truths and propagate lies from the US-backed genocidal war criminals Zionist.	irrelevant information
I was using the Google messenger then it malfinctioned so I looked for another app and found this one I find it to be a better app and I have editing features I love cause I misspell words a lot and I can edit the spelling without deleting the messages the Google app has no editing features and now I rarely use the Google messenger now I love this app	feature request
I switched to signal because it combines all messages in one app... and less than a year later they drop SMS. Thank you for nothing, uninstalling.	bug report
Help me when i click on forgot password it tells me that it sended mail to reset my password but i check my mail for 20 min but no mail comes and i am stuck on the log in page+i bought nitro basic like 1 week ago pls fix this or i will case because i wont fulfill my nitro basic for 1 month it will be loss of 1.89$ so pls fix my username is シ꧁𝓙𝓲𝓼𝓱𝓷𝓾꧂#4091	bug report
UI is completely broken on zfold 5. Update: no special steps to reproduce, just open the app!	bug report
Stopped working all of the sudden	bug report
I didn't do all stars because some times I can't here it or there will be alot of noise. But still it's easy to use	bug report
Greatyws	irrelevant information
I have used it little but I love the security of the app and its features. I use it for secure information.	irrelevant information
Calls cut in and out...video calls sometimes will not work. It seem very glitchy	bug report
It would not let me call some numbers	bug report
Since last update app is incredibly slow to load DMs, switching between server and DM is also very slow. Dont like the new layout either, discord had such a unique layout and by seperating server and DM it feels too much like any other messaging app. Its also less clear now whether a DM is unread or not. Really wish I hadnt put this app on auto update, wouldve rather stayed with the previous version/layout of discord	feature request
app doesn't work well on the chromebook	bug report
Telegram is way more intuitive, responsive and user friendly. Signal needs to follow their example	feature request
I need profile lock 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏	feature request
I love it its ok	irrelevant information
They illegally charged me when I cancel months ago. I don't know how after been canceled for 2 month and today they charged me I want my.money back	bug report
This app has never worked. It is full of glitches and errors and I have never successfully used it.	bug report
Why you have to use extremly slow, unresponsive, battery consuming, over-animated and noncustomizable UI? Use standard UI like other apps.	bug report
It's free so I can't complain too much, but the service is not always very good.	irrelevant information
This app is awesome and the point is that that's the minutes run out fast	irrelevant information
Very laggy and crash issues please fix the problems	bug report
Initial troubles but have smooth sailing since	irrelevant information
can u stop the adds not trying to be mean	irrelevant information
Installed it a few days ago, uninstalled it to make room for something, and now when I sign in it says I've been removed for violating TOS. I don't think I've even sent anything, and I know nobody sent anything to me. Good thing I wasn't attached to the app I guess.	bug report
Countless bugs. Sometimes multiple messages are inside each other. Tapping the voice message button shows the "hold to record" message in the top left corner for some reason. Microphone button's visual bugs in VCs, being white (that shows its enabled) with the line over it (that shows its disabled) at the same time and vice versa. Today it decided to not load/send any images, videos and emojis. Reopening the app doesn't fix this. Thank you for all the lag spikes and bugs with the new update.	bug report
This app would be great if it ever worked. It crashes constantly no matter what I do, I can't even reply to messages. Ive tried reinstalling and the problem remains.	bug report
now" bc this app is bs	bug report
Too many spam message requests just recently which is so annoying that I will be deleting the app and using a different messaging app from now on. You currently have no spam filter on the app so this needs fixing!	bug report
New ui is bad, too much stuff I don't care for and not enough space for actual info with more things being hidden away. Swiping through that app used to be fast but now everything is a button	feature request
Calling services doesnt work and i think neither does texting	bug report
Awful updates, sells your data, greedy bastards, if there was something else to communicate with my friends I'd use it	irrelevant information
When using only WIFI, I have to open the app in order to receive messages. This results in me replying to messages 2 hours late.	feature request
Sms support was THE feature. That's why I'm leaving, sadly.	feature request
This app does not work at all.😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😣	bug report
Useful when it works, but it started disconnecting my phone from WiFi. I have to disable WiFi, send my GroupMe messages, and re-enable WiFi. This only happens when sending messages, not receiving them.	bug report
It's okay, not bad, but sometimes it's "brousing".	irrelevant information
Safe app	irrelevant information
I would like to thank Skype for a good service has I have been using Skype for some time now.	irrelevant information
The new update has made loading times 10x longer, it now takes several more taps to get from dms to severs, and swiping from the left in a DM to check what a notification is from now closes that DM so you cannot swipe back into it. The new update has completely destroyed the usability of the mobile app, and I am now only using the desktop app.	bug report
I have a Texas number but want a Louisiana number and it is suggesting just Texas area codes :-(	feature request
Notification settings go off and had to uninstall and then install again . This happened twice. Also cant save any photos i see on group me . A white box comes up instead of save . Reinstalled app and still does not work. App tells me it cant see sd card. I dont have an sd card , and i have 75% spare storage	bug report
I have reset my account password and even made a new account with a different email and still won't let me sign in.	bug report
does not let u use website on lenovo tablet to check messages, need to download app to do so. will keep redirecting to play store otherwise.	bug report
Notifications are buggy (might be that my phone is older) other than that pretty amazing and great for groupchats between android/apple devices	bug report
This app is amazing its really easy to talk to people and most people are really friendly!I love using this app beacuse my senpai jahzuko i always love talking to him on discord!	irrelevant information
please add ability to reply to specific messages. would be a much welcomed edition.	feature request
I love this app for being privacy-oriented. I am annoyed at how the camera flash doesn't work when I am filming though.	feature request
I was installed dis apps..all apps showing in online.bt dis apps shows me not connected internet.what da hell	bug report
Been working great for me. So far so good! No dropped calls, messaging has been great. This app has been great to me.. Thanx	irrelevant information
Not receiving messages due to updates not being installed.	bug report
it usually works	irrelevant information
I have used TEXT FREE For years, my last review was 2016 I have been forced to change numbers many times over the years, which didn't bother too much, for the fact once I had signed back in after an absence all my old texts, calls, & VOICEMAIL were all still right there! Please help me understand why this time it's different. My call/messages log is blank as if this was a brand new account. Is there a way to access that older data My mother is missing; gone And I pray to hear her voice again.	bug report
Horrible support if things don't work. They are efficient on taking payment. Getting Skype to work after not as easy. They write you to do this and, it doesn't fix the problem so I can make calls.	bug report
Plssssss fix the glitch of unable to register	bug report
No drama. Very reliable. Does not budge to tyranny.	irrelevant information
Sound quality on my S21 superb though issue with galaxy buds disconnecting after 3s ..can't figure out why...	bug report
You can't get verification codes, number expires, ads galore. No. Just no.	bug report
This one is a real doorknob on either android or iPhone 4s , why?   My phone hardly ever delivers an incoming call. And its not syncing with my tablet at all, like i have two separate phones with same phone number, hard to keep track of things in two places..help i don't the other free phone apps, they all suck but Pinger has been a trooper, are you getting too big to care? I hope not,	bug report
as much as i like your app, but your voice message gets stuck every time I use it. Can you perhaps look into that??	bug report
I like it but if you don't use it in a while you will lose your number which sucks because it says I'm not using it very often and they might give it away and I use the app everyday	feature request
Allows me to obtain clearer photos and videos shared from my son's Apple phone to my android phone	feature request
The Textnow application is most .and Best performance love you maker Textnow	irrelevant information
It use to be great app for mobile easy to interact with. After latest update is horrible why on earth will you make it so difficult? Can't even see how's online on my server. Any away I'm not recommending this anymore the designers of this showld probably hate the app to make those changes otherwise I don't see any benefits of this.	feature request
I cant talk in voice chats i hear my friends but thay cant pls fix the probleme	bug report
The app was great when I first started using it, now it's the worst ever. It uses up a lot of memory and battery life.	bug report
I have the latest update for the app and all the permissions granted. This is more so a texting app than calling app. Texting works great.... receiving calls not good.... with wifi 5ft away with clear path for signal. UPDATE: I like the fast response from the support team. I just emailed them with my issue. I will update when my problem gets resolved.	feature request
I like Discord, but after the new interface or ui, it's just not right it feels like I'm paralyzed plz bring back the old ui. I could've given 5 stars, but this update? Sorry 😞😕 I suggest yall to bring back the quick panel of people online and make the reply instead of slid to double tap.😌	feature request
Signal is being used by hackers and scammers. Avoid until they can do the necessary adjustments to make their app safe for users.	irrelevant information
person I called has the same issue.	bug report
Only problem is it doesn't switch to my Bluetooth headset unless I restart the app	bug report
could've talkers to em anyway.	irrelevant information
Can't setup my phone number	bug report
I have to open up the app to receive the text.  All settings are set up.  Just recently started happening.	bug report
Boycott because I am Muslim I love our Prophet Muhammad (SALLALLAHOU ALAYHE WASALLAM)	irrelevant information
It cut out a lot	bug report
Horrible, as expected. Bring back the old design.	feature request
Easy to use. No constant pressure to sign in using other social media. And so far, reasonably private.	irrelevant information
Can't use anymore to receive sms login codes. I never had issues before the last few months, now it states W/O paying fee I can no longer get login texts from my other accounts like google ECT. I also have issues with my contacts within TextNow being unprogramed from the names and leaving just numbers... Very inconvenient and has resulted in loss of contacts.	bug report
I loved this app until I was no longer able to login using my email on my android s10+. I'm up to date with the software. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Still not working. I can log in from a laptop but that's not to helpful for what I use it for.	bug report
The app is very slow to load or send pictures and videos even with fast internet. Not a very good user interface.	bug report
Lost my account due to inactivity. Didn't have a backup as there was no reason for me to delete my account, but it was removed for me	bug report
Latest update (Jan 2024) is absolutely trash. You lag to switch servers, images won't load, dms won't load, voice chat won't won't allow push to talk anymore, messages in servers take forever to post. Even down detector is saying discord is having connection issues but not a peep from the devs about anything bad happening.	bug report
Signal is a great app is intuitive innovative it's the great app to meet people that you might meet on another app but you don't want to give out your personal information I love the little window that you can use that let you know you still talking to someone on the app but without it taking up your whole screen for instance you can use it while playing video games a great app in comparison to other apps	irrelevant information
Keeps sayin whopps something went wrong	bug report
All of a sudden I'm not seeing the incoming texts. I see the notification, can pull down to read but if I open the app to read again and/or respond, it's not there. I've even had whole conversations disappear. Been like this for about a week I think.	bug report
times this app has failed to sync, (even when every other app does and it	bug report
VC audio quality on Android is awful. Sounds like listening to a telephone from the '80s. Also volume sliders to change people's volumes individually disappeared in a recent update. Basically voice calls are barely usable. Otherwise great app.	bug report
Ita pretty good and good quality	irrelevant information
Honestly one of the worst communication apps I've ever owned. Only kept it because one of my friends only had a laptop so he couldn't get WhatsApp. For the fact that this app takes up so much space on my phone(32g of internal) and discord can't even me transfered to my sd card. It is unusable without nitro and it barely functions on my £600 gaming pc with the only people being able to see my webcam is my friends. Had to uninstall on my phone meaning I couldn't join any servers or chat with him.	bug report
Some times the calls are not acceptable	bug report
I couldn't even get the app to work it kept glitching and making me verify if I'm a human or not.	bug report
it didn't let me upload photos and it just stayed at the same spot I updated it and I also restarted my phone twice and I also cleared my cache and everything and it still didn't load my photos or when I get on a voice chat it doesn't load me and doesn't let me speak please fix this or something	bug report
This app is horrible it drops calls all the time.	bug report
Lovely	irrelevant information
App has some quirks but I used to like it. However, recently, they keep insisting on reminding me about the functionality to join a campus school thread or something, I don't even know or care. I'm not in school and haven't been for years. No matter how many times I hit no thank you it keeps popping up. Worthless.	bug report
Hate this new interface. Except for video calls everything is so bad and hard to use.	feature request
I started a group chat and I don't want it anymore how can I get the people in the chat from sending a message where everybody else can see it can I kick everybody from the group or what	feature request
Unable to join group please try again later	bug report
Calls often drop, voice quality is weak, and overall, this app has way too many ads. I do not recommend this app to anyone given the poor quality service it provides.	bug report
This app is terrible in every way. Today I was randomly logged out and as I have lost access to the email I used I can no longer log in. I will never use this app again.	bug report
I like the simplicity of the interface.	irrelevant information
works for texting. doesnt work much for pictures or phone calls at all. even on multiplatform/device callas and picture messages never go through.	bug report
Why, since this app is suppose be free, is it not allowing me to make calls? Update: I figured it out. But I'm uninstalling it. It appears the desktop version doesn't sinc with the phone app. And I'm not happy that you have to give it access to your contacts. That's super private info entrusted to me by family and friends. Why am I not allowed to pick and choose? I only use Skype to video chat with one person. Very intrusive. I'll stick with the desktop version.	bug report
Very secure, great features, steady development	irrelevant information
I had to switch credit cards after a default on payment and in spite of reinstating my account I can no longer make make phone calls. I've tried to reach out for help but I've been unsuccessful with getting any response.	bug report
Why is discord getting rid of the number tags at the end of names? It was a great system, I hate using apps that demand each user have a unique name because after a point it's simply not possible, I'm keeping my previous number tag in my name to keep it distinct. Please get rid of this, it was one of the things that made discord unique and easy to use.	feature request
my phone never ring and i never receive text messages i have to go on to the app to even know if i have a call or text message	bug report
App keeps closing on its own. Please help, I really need this fixed as soon as possible.	bug report
It wont let me donload it it says there is an issue and im not able to fix it idk how to	bug report
I had to use it for school and I put my real age then it wouldn't let me use	bug report
Nice i like it easy to use i real enjoy it more than any video calls i ever use	irrelevant information
I have skype on both my laptop and phone on laptop it works fine but in phone skype suckssssss.....messages dont go fast of i share some pics then it start lagging even more despite having a stable network connection it takes time to send even the smallest of texts on skype	bug report
Terrible after the new update. I can't navigate without the app bugging out. When I switch between the discord navigation UI, the bar goes down and is overlayed by my phone's navigation UI which means that I then can't switch between messages and servers because they can't Register when being under my phones navigation UI.	bug report
I like the fact i dont have to make a new account	irrelevant information
answer incoming call. It's still better than the alternatives I have found	irrelevant information
This is a great app but I am unable to save contacts under anything so I'm left with random numbers	bug report
New to the app and so far... I'm impressed but privacy and security matters. I hope I get it here.	irrelevant information
Insanely bad app. Sometimes it disables possibility for using other app, cant even reach my contact list, keeps maximizing. Response slow even on good internet connection. This is just horrible to use 😔	bug report
It's a easy way to communicate one message with many with only one note posted.	irrelevant information
just download. give me a chance to use it and form my opinion. I'm sure I'm going to love it	irrelevant information
I have to pay $10 for verification texts. Also, fails to mention it any where until you try to use it. Literally the only reason I would want it. Like I could understand $1. But $10 is stupid. Just get a different text app that doesn't require payment for TEXTING	bug report
Helped get in locked house	irrelevant information
GeoupMe is one of the most awesome apps to stay connected. Traveling to places like, PR and HI most islander's use this app to stay in the know. Thanks GM ;)	irrelevant information
For us is a good way to be in touch with the coaches, and parents , also to know schedule changes, important information for me and my wife it is wonderful, excellent, I have no words to describe it thank you Groupme .	irrelevant information
A rather large number of new message notifications will not come through. For troubleshooting reasons, I've removed Skype from the "battery optimisation" list but didn't changed much. On iOS, I did not notice such an issue. UX could be a bit more responsive as well.	bug report
There is a problem and that is that textnow doesn't work for programs like Telegram and it doesn't give us the code. Please take care of why this happened. Thank you.	bug report
doesnt have end to end encryption.	irrelevant information
It works. Edit: It would be nice if it would stop asking me to rate it. (-1 star)	feature request
Its takes more time to send messages. It's doesn't show the notifications immediately it takes long time to receive messages also	bug report
Just what we needed for team	irrelevant information
I can invite someone and they will not get the invite	bug report
Data is already free.	irrelevant information
Your application cool, but How, I've already entered my correct account, and that doesn't work why?	bug report
Sucks drops calls. Or I can hear them and they can't hear me. A d if you can't answer the cancel button will go away but still ringing non stop.	bug report
MMMMMMM much dc kitten oooooo, I love creepy dc mods and the 62yr olds who stalk gatch life servers slayy💅	irrelevant information
Great app, but the new UI layout update is abysmal -- the old layout was similar to the computer client which made it easy to use, now it's more difficult to navigate a server and to see the list of members. Your average Discord mobile user likely has it on their computer as well, so no reason to change up the UI to compete with other mobile apps (or at least I'm guessing that's why they did this?) I have no idea why they felt like they needed to do this.	feature request
Waste of space app won't even load anymore	bug report
Nice but weird at the start a Lil confusing but I like it.	irrelevant information
experience later in time.	bug report
Messaging done the right way. Fast and easy for everyone... and I think follows the do no evil principles. Many people are using it, I was surprised! Keep up the good work!!	irrelevant information
Very easy app to use great service.	irrelevant information
This new look Skype on pc, mobile is absolute garbage looking and needs to go back to what it was before .	feature request
I can't talk on the phone for more than three hrs why??? Pls fix	bug report
It is so good but the Only bad thing about this app is that you can't use it to sing up to social medias	feature request
It's a good way to connect with family and friends and loved ones, it is a great way to get in alcoholics anonymous!!!! It's just got a slow connections!!!	bug report
Open source supremacy! Use Signal and don't let big tech leech off your data.	irrelevant information
I lost my phone and because of that can't access my Google Authenticator details. Discord doesn't permit me to log in again. So it means I will loose the account that I have had for a long time with much activities. There should be a way to recover one's account if this type of problem comes.	feature request
New icons and backend are fine, but changing the whole layout to whatever we have now was a big mistake, especially forcing it on the users.	feature request
Lots of ads. Have to pay $10 to get verification codes	bug report
since last update the app never closes on my phone or tablet I full close the app but it doesn't close just stays open eating up system memory till my device crashes all other apps closes if I swipe them closed but not discord	bug report
Welcome to the underground	irrelevant information
So far it is somewhat eazy to follow. I will let you know if it's 5 * worthy.	irrelevant information
Texts work, calls don't	bug report
I use the app for something that requires a high volume of calls and texts and i will say that mostly it works great but there are times it wont even let me log in and get to my messages. I am satisfied overall honestly tho. It keeps up with my busy lifestyle. Thanks TextNow!!!	bug report
Best hang out place	irrelevant information
Sucks how i cant use split screen with this app anymore while watching streams. Hope there's a fix to this coz id like to be able to multitask again.	feature request
Pretty good, some trouble with paymnet	irrelevant information
it's cool...I don't pay and get to call people Soo...but nobody really calls me anymore...but I like it.	irrelevant information
Thank you for answering and help me sign in discord,after I sign in I have a lot of friends and they so nice	irrelevant information
Messages not going through many a times. Slow.	bug report
I thought this was a great app from the reviews and downloads. I even pay for premium hoping to make phone calls but what a disappointment I'm only able to text...why?? Please fix this!! In the meantime I'll keep looking at other apps.	feature request
can not log in just won't go past sign in and app kills my phones battery bad	bug report
The App is good 😊😊 😊😊😊	irrelevant information
This was my preferred messaging app until they introduced stories! 5 stars to 4 stars. Why complicate a perfectly good app. 4 stars to 3 stars because they forced the update!	feature request
Good sight	irrelevant information
This app used to work as a 2nd phone number. Now it doesn't. Not sure why they would sabotage, but corporations do dumb things.	bug report
New Ui sucks. It looks awful and bugs out so often. It's horrible accessibility wise. Overall, the mobile app sucks now.	bug report
Developing discord servers for mobile is ok, but the roles move around SOOOO much when I move ONE role. It's annoying, and it scatters the roles all over the place. Hopefully, this becomes fixed, but other than that, it really good app to connect with friends.	feature request
This app sucks can't use the dail pad. Was a waste of my time and battery. Highly recommend not to download!	bug report
My notifications won't pop up anymore. I.d.c checked my settings and everything logged in and out	bug report
Forced to use wifi	feature request
Dropping SMS option - leaving Signal! That easy.	feature request
You guys fixed the it was working great but now it's starting to do the same thing not ringing when some one calls me .....i hate to have change my number but can you please fix asap	bug report
The update messed it up	bug report
Latest update causes my connection to be disrupted constantly. Messages aren't going through and notifications aren't being received half the time.	bug report
said nothing about buying mins. this is a scam. want my money back now	irrelevant information
This app is a total rip of The number it gives u changes every 30 seconds so this app is literally useless untill u pay for it	bug report
I can't send pictures to anyone	bug report
After the new update there are still a bunch of smaller bugs that kind of annoy the whole user experience, frequent crashes and I have to restart the app all the time, and now images uploaded ALWAYS get compressed when it doesn't on pc	bug report
The app just logged me out without any reason and has refused to give me a new number ever since	bug report
No need to fix what wasnt broken, especially by blindly slamming a hammer into it.	irrelevant information
Costing me money four bucks for it that's a rip-off you can even call your friends Download this game it's just a really bad Genacross five bucks muffin was lagging so bad hopefully nobody else down just don't download it	irrelevant information
Please give us a setting to change back to the old discord layout. I don't like this new one and feel claustrophobic	feature request
Great app screws up sometimes but not to often	bug report
Safe and secure for those that only use signal. Not happy with the changes made.	feature request
I've enjoyed and used this app for years, but was just notified that they are dropping SMS support. That makes this just one more in a basket of messaging apps. They are overestimating the adoption of encrypted messaging for its own sake. It was great when it could be used as the SMS default because I knew that if my message could be secured, it would be. Now I need to manage my own app as well as everyone I message. No thank you.	feature request
I'm still not getting any notifications and it's frustrating when I'm in a group and can't get notified when people communicate in the group with me.	bug report
Can't hear sometimes on their phone and sometimes mine but for free can't complain need more free minutes for watch ads but won't give me sometimes idk y .	bug report
I gave a four-star review because it's sometimes glitches. It also doesn't load very fast when you're on a call. The last thing is is that it takes a long time to send messages.	bug report
I dislike Skype because everytime I try to make a new account. It just takes me back to the home screen from when you open the app up, after I've set up everything	bug report
Terms of use suspension... I've had multiple accounts suspended for terms of use violation which I don't know exactly what that means however it's irritating when I use this as my business number I will never use another textile number again I've had four accounts canceled when I'm legitimately using these numbers for business	bug report
Notifications are inconsistent and yikes	bug report
But I can't see the dial screen when I'm calling someone the screens black and I can't end a phone call. Oh and also pinger should be available without needing wifi connections. It'll make it a lot easier, especially if I don't always have wifi access which I could end up being stranded somewhere and I wouldn't be able to make a call because I wouldn't have wifi ..that's a true experience btw ... just pitching an idea you guys should keep in mind	bug report
Best way to communicate I ever had	irrelevant information
THE BEST messaging app avaliable. 4 stars because of the mobile update though	irrelevant information
I needed to get this app so that I would have a discrete number to give out to whoever I chose. While this was great to use for that, it was also frustrating. When I would get phone calls, I wouldn't hear the ring and ended up missing calls. Unless you keep your data turned on, you will miss messages and calls often. The Wi-Fi signal  given off by the app  fluctuates a lot. I have Wi-Fi through my cable, but I found myself just giving out my other cell number from Verizon, just to stop the insanity LOL.	bug report
This app isn't allowing me to sign up or in using my Gmail account alone. It's asking me to use both Gmail and Facebook accounts. I no longer have the Facebook account associated with my Gmail. So this app is worthless I'd give no stars if that was an option	bug report
I can communicate and enjoy a smooth experience 😌	irrelevant information
Purchased data wasn't able to use away from wifi ..	bug report
great forever, new ui sucks	feature request
So far I like it a lot... similar to all other chat platforms,easy to use and understand. Has the story feature which is very cool 😎 . Not enough people seem to know about it though.	feature request
A must have for all tech savvy and privacy conscious persons.	irrelevant information
Lately group message updates have been unreliable. I'll open a group and see messages from days ago, and then I see the spinner indefinitely. This has happened even after I've seen latest messages during a previous session.	bug report
Notifications no longer work and you can't get help to get it working.	bug report
It work perfect and perform good for me 💪 I love it signal 🚦	irrelevant information
Less ads please, I'm already using my own wifi.	irrelevant information
It continuously crashes, sometimes I can't view pictures because it says "error" and whenever I try to stop sharing your screen it crashed and wouldn't reopen.	bug report
some thing is rong it was warking fan yester day it was use it it poliy becaus i miss a update well keep freezing like it just dos not liet me in the game	bug report
I like the mobile plan but I don't...the app seems more cramped in my opinion,I don't like how I gotta switch through messages and servers when I could've easily done that before with no issues,I like the mobile idea,I just wish there was like a way to swap back to the original app if people don't like the update.(I do kinda like the idea..but I don't at the same time.)	feature request
Never got service, and no support.	bug report
Don't bother downloading SCAM  I completed a task for 48 mins but only received 3 mins. Then I made a 17 sec call and had a 0 balance	bug report
They are removing SMS/ Text message support. That kinda kills it for me, since I'm now stuck using Google again. The fact that they tie accounts to phone numbers is a serious deanonymizing vector. Not actually secure when they have a personal identifier that specific. Too tightly coupled with your contact list.	feature request
quality of calls. Too many audio issues	bug report
Pictures don't come through or when I send they don't never receive. I live overseas so this was one the reason I got this app.. Please fix ASAP!!	bug report
Very helpful as privacy matter	irrelevant information
Calling connection is very late msgs sometimes delives only when app is open	bug report
Never works properly. Get messages and they don't come through for couple of hours. So incredibly frustrating	bug report
I loved discord but recent update made it so a person cannot stay in private call by themselves to save bandwidth but please please make it an option to turn on / off auto disconnect as i liked staying in the call while waiting for people to get free so they could just join me without ringing.	feature request
Its ok not perfect because somtimes it does not work somtimed	bug report
Worked for a few days.. Now I can't make calls, can't send messages. Looking for support is not user friendly at all. Loosing my number.	bug report
Happens more than once! If I receive some message in phone Skype during lunch or away from office. The same message disappear in my laptop Skype	bug report
This app is pretty good. I don't have any pop up ads the only flaw would be a delayed call, it will tell you that you missed one but you don't get a notification when someone does call.	feature request
after latest release any type of calls don't work anymore ...	bug report
works good enough, but it can have issues at times	bug report
This app is good. But it does not show the last seen and online. please add this future also	feature request
New UI is terrible, buggy and hard to use overall.	bug report
I can't upload image and video to my friend and she either can't send me.	bug report
Tedious. Very user unfriendly. They can learn a few tricks from Messenger on how to attach more than one images or gifs in a single message. Horribly designed emojis. On the text box, give the option to the user to set emoji button instead of the sticker button. And yes, badly designed stickers too. All in all, signal is just not there to replace WhatsApp or Messenger. Sorry.	feature request
Please, if you could change the mobile user interface BACK TO NORMAL RN OR IM GONNA SOB!	feature request
Perpetually glitchy. There are long standing bugs that have been around for years. At this point we just use it because it still generally works, and switching over to another group chat app sounds annoying. Most glitches I encounter have to do with likes. If someone likes your message while you're looking at it, there's about a 50/50 chance of whether the display updates for you. If you tap on a message to see who liked it, sometimes you just aren't allowed to tap a second time to hide it. Etc	bug report
No longer a texting app. Dropping support for the most widely used type of text message may make it "more secure" but I'm not going to use multiple apps to text both my security-minded friends and the vast majority of other people in my contacts. I'm sure it'll be great for everyone's covert ops still, so have fun storming the castle.	feature request
Should be able to change phone number when needed	feature request
great game. I had alot of fun playing	irrelevant information
Absolutely terrible for user interface. Extremely difficult to operate, and does not work fully. Sometimes video works, sometimes not. Trying to use this to chat with my grandma and I can't figure it out. 1 star. Terrible operating system.	bug report
Was my go to app for texting, but with the removal of SMS, I'm removing signal. It's not worth the trouble of having two apps for one thing, I'll just move everything elsewhere.	irrelevant information
Am very very displeased with the new update where you can't type on screen while in video chat!! Used this feature all the time but now you must suffer seeing the call in a small circle while typing in other chat. Please bring back the On screen chat in voice call!! No other app does that!	feature request
it's not free to call	bug report
I can't connect in UAE	bug report
It is really nice app to be on so much more private	irrelevant information
Apparently all of my button icons have disappeared and I don't know how to get them back.	bug report
They need to give you unlimited time	irrelevant information
Calls alwaays drop and never get the call notifications until maybe 4 hours later if your lucky	bug report
Easy to set up but I wasn't able to receive messages. They would pop up at the top of my phone but once I went to the app itself they weren't there.	bug report
Spam messages only. Rarely used it but developers seem unable to block spam messages. Was happy to keep it installed in the background for next time it's needed but too many instances of spam to keep it installed.	bug report
Nice and pleasant	irrelevant information
Dec 2023 edit - while I enjoy the pure black theme, the newest update to discord basically is the opposite of my previous review below. The app no longer works great, and sometimes it doesn't work at all! The changes are unintuitive, and I often find myself accidentally replying to people or struggling to get to where I need to go. I hope fixes come quickly. (2022 5-stars)The app works great! Intuitive and reliable for my uses.	bug report
This would be great if it worked properly, many times it seems like it asleep. Then a bunch of messages come through, also sound stops working if phone is on to many hours. I have to reboot the phone for sound to work again .	bug report
Longer videos possible cuz, and it's encrypted. What a world.	irrelevant information
It constantly reconnect network	bug report
Fake free call app only heard their first 2 seconds every call then silence as if you muted eachother	bug report
The amount of one star ratings in the past 24 hours should tell you that you need to revert this UI update. Why haven't you done so yet? Links don't open in apps anymore, only browser, swiping left to look at member listings or look at pins doesn't work, and the amount of times I have to look at messages to clear them is ridiculous when I open the message from the notification itself. Listen to your user base. You're making bad business choices by not doing that.	feature request
Yeah, I like using textfree but it just keeps loading even when wi-fi is full connection. Also, when I send picture the other person can't see it. Fix please.	bug report
I use it for my team and it makes all the difference!	irrelevant information
This app is ok I'm 14 and don't really call on phone number much but iv been using it for years and the only problem is is that u can't get variation codes with out paying witch is dumb	feature request
It will not let me open it anymore when I click on it to open it it takes me back home.I love this app I use it daily please fix it.thanks	bug report
Kinda laggs, but other than that it works pretty good	bug report
I am using since 2020 and it was fine but the new updates are the worst!! The app doesn't loads the messages in the mobile app and sometimes messages struggle to get send!! Pls fix this!!	bug report
Bad poor unwork app application boycott	irrelevant information
It's... Aye Ight 🤷‍♀️ . ion like the add's tho . alsoo , could be updated a lil more	irrelevant information
This app hasn't given me trouble until the most recent update. I seem to be missing a fair amount of icons, such as the upload media button, the notification that tells me if my friends are online, or even the icon to pull up side menus (They still function). It kind of keeps getting worse, everytime I log on something else is missing.	bug report
Much slower after latest update	bug report
Just constant bugs. Can't see posts, interface freezes. I don't usually write reviews but this has been ongoing for months now	bug report
Great App for communicating!	irrelevant information
Newest update is horrible, laggy chat, forcing all bots to use the same prefix. This update makes discord feel like an alpha version of the previous update. Please revert or fix the bugs, watching chat gives me a headache. Terrible changes. (Update:Still very slow and laggy compared to how it used to be.) (Update:Still horrible, very sad this is how it is gonna stay) How in the world an app can go from basically perfect to completely unusable is amazing.	bug report
Texting is sometimes easier for communication than a phone call.	irrelevant information
Always Great To Connect With My MCC Family	irrelevant information
have 1 mnth subscription.	irrelevant information
I love it . And 2005 had this before and I forgot the name the app it is a good app everybody	irrelevant information
Hard time understanding how to set it up and it wants alot of your personal buisness	irrelevant information
Told me I broke their terms just for picking a different area code. Between this and 2nd lines mess ups they have gone to -0	bug report
Grest fo keeping informed about events and happenings. Would like to see an way to actually leave a group though.	feature request
trash, wouldn't even let me sign up	bug report
I am not getting the notifications. it was working fine then all of a sudden it stopped. I will try updating to see if that's a fix but this has happened on previous versions before.	bug report
Once you've posted something it's obviously on the devices you shared to, but they won't let you delete it from their servers	bug report
Nice to be able to keep up with everyone in one place.	irrelevant information
updatrd my phone ... app just disappeard from my screen. causing mevto uninstall to reinstall. inconvenience and aggravated.	bug report
If I switch to a new phone (or if my phone is wiped) can I retrieve my phone number I got from the app, and will all my communications via the app be retrieved and transferred to the new phone?	feature request
don't like compulsory updates	irrelevant information
The app wouldn't let me make a call untill I agreed to purchance a plan for 99 cents,what's " free" about that,I uninstalled	bug report
It won't push notifications until you open the app. Pretty useless when you're trying to use it for work and need the notifications for time sensitive issues. I don't want to have to get on my phone and open the app every 5 minutes.	bug report
Constant bugs	bug report
Buggy as heck. Always crashing. And aperntly you can get hacked for replying to a msg request. #pridefall	bug report
Signal is the best chatting app so far, I will proclaim it to everyone....	irrelevant information
1 star until the old layout comes back. Nitro cancelled. I'll be looking for a new app.	bug report
works as advertised. just got to deal with the ads	irrelevant information
Thanks for making our Data Secured, God Bless You and Help You Sir we Respect your Efforts👍❤️	irrelevant information
Receive incoming calls!!! :(  Fix it.!!  Also.. Fix the connection.	bug report
I like the app and how it gives updates, it's a wonderful way to talk to my friends but it is a tad bit buggy	feature request
It's useful	irrelevant information
I am unable to complete the registratiin. I keep getting an error message!	bug report
I am anonymous and this app keeps getting a lot of spam on it. You guys be careful 😉😉	irrelevant information
I couldn't get a 2 acont because my gmail was used already but I uninstalled it a long time ago and I cant get to it. Wicth means I cant use discord forever.	bug report
Can't open or see app on phone	bug report
It really works slow on a mobile and a lot of mute unmute problems.	bug report
Can't open crosswords	bug report
Thank you for the help on fixing the problem	irrelevant information
I use this as primary communication to friends overseas because I hate Facebook, but for the last 6 months Skype will not send notifications randomly. I don't have power saving mode on and Skype isn't set to conserve power so I'm not sure why I won't get notifications.	bug report
Hi, I have this weird bug, whenever I try to send a photo the app hangs and immediately closes and reopens again, I hope you can fix the problem soon	bug report
USED TO BE A FIVE STAR APP UNTIL DA UPDATE DAT CHANGED DA UI TO THAT OF THE VOICE CALL VERSION, NOW I DON'T RECEIVE TEXT NOTIFICATIONS AND IT DELETED MY OLD MESSAGES!!! U GUYS SAID U FIXED THE NOTIFICATIONS BUT I'M STILL NOT RECEIVING THEM... PLEASE REALLY FIX THIS BECAUSE IT'S ONE OF MY FAVE APPS!!!	bug report
It's great, but hearing the notification sound all the time kinda sucks. LOL	feature request
It was good privately message	irrelevant information
I can't use it recently, what's the matter?	bug report
Just like many other people, I will be deleting the app since sms is being discontinued for non-sigmal contacts. Signal, you're going to regret this decision of yours. Many of my contacts will not use Signal just because I ask them to, and I don't blame them.	feature request
I'm not inviting everyone in my phone to use this app, looks like I'll be switching to a new messaging app.	feature request
Cool ,but need to support sending files.it is a bad thing.	feature request
No notification of new texts. It drains my battery big time as it's always running in the background. Also, phone gets hot from this app. Droid X	bug report
Please allow connection to bluetooth hearing aids on voice calls. Everything else on my phone will connect to my hearing aids, except this app. It works in a browser, but when i try to open the browser version of voice chat, it pulls open the app. Other than that the app works decently, and i love the platform as a whole, just that the app needs work.	feature request
great app..but if u need messages delivered on time ...not gna happen w this one ..other than tht great	feature request
Where is the option to not show my number to anyone? The option not to receive calls or only allow calls from contacts? There is no logout option, only delete account. Telegram is way lighter, smaller and better than this app!	feature request
Good app in the appe	irrelevant information
I'd like to change the theme	feature request
The new ui is not toggleable anymore and is honestly terrible. Not a good move discord, not a good move.. Update: It also uses a lot more internet/data now. It used to be fine for me to be on it while not at home but now it takes 100mb in about 10 minutes. Ridiculous. Update2: notifications have stopped working all together from the app for me and a few friends.	bug report
Calling used to work when I first got it, now for the past 4+ months, I just get "missed call" notifs when people try to call me, and the dial pad says I have no signal and gives me the "Sorry! There's a network issue!" error. Reinstalling doesn't fix it. Sometimes messages don't go through or I get them late.	bug report
it is great. our ministry is it all the time.	irrelevant information
this app would be good if almost EVERY THING WASN'T LIMITED TO A PHONE!!! For example, the gifs only work for the phone. other than that good.	feature request
Why does it not let me call. Says cannot reach network but i can text and my wifi is connected. I uninstall twice and reinstall did not work. Please fix this.	bug report
can't hear anything	bug report
There is nothing wrong with is it's fine	irrelevant information
I like it. I can text with my friends. But i cant make calls?	feature request
Horrible U.I and complete disregard for the community. I don't understand how a company can be so good at shooting themselves in the foot.	feature request
It's a great way to text free but it keeps closing out and stops working.	bug report
I had my phone number locked in from purchasing a SIM Card but now after 4 weeks my number is no longer locked in and I dont know why.	bug report
Amazing app. Love the magnitude of options available 😀	irrelevant information
Buggy app didnt allow me to login again , and the support service is also too difficult to solve our problems	bug report
Works very good with almost no effort	irrelevant information
Likely the most private/secure messaging app, with recent features additions that rival those of other apps.	feature request
Would like to see it on this app. Last seen when a friend was on the app last time online.	feature request
I have had Skype for many years but it just asked my age, could I be too	bug report
Free 60 minutes of call time	irrelevant information
Disgusting. I've been getting spam calls every hour ever since I made a new account. I've had this app on and off for years, and 1 day of endless spam calls has completely turned me off this app. If I could give 0 stars, I would.	bug report
Good app, losing SMS features. I used signal as my main SMS app for several years now and now that it will no longer support this function I am reconsidering the utility of this app. It's good, but without this option I have difficulty recommending it as an easy swap for my friends and family as to a non-privacy focussed person it's just another messenger app that they need to install. Was 5/5 now 3/5.	feature request
I literally see Skype logo above and below images I send and receive on Skype. The hell is wrong with this app?	bug report
Hi Discord , my Discord profile looks so different. I mean It looks like an old version. I thought I should update it, but no, and I don't know what the problem is.	bug report
I have used Signal for years now and have been very happy with it. Until now. Signal is shooting themselves in the foot by withdrawing the ability to send SMS texts to non-Signal users.	feature request
It is more useful to me tq so much	irrelevant information
I haven't seen a single person who likes the new layout update and the fact that the discord twitter page is basically telling people to just get used to it is insane. I don't see the motivation for making a layout that the majority of your users hate. Isn't the goal to have people *want* to use the app? If it's not broken, why bother trying to fix it? To be honest, I wouldn't even care half as much if it weren't for the complete disregard of user feedback.	feature request
Will they add mms	feature request
The voice quality is not as clear or audible as FaceBook Messenger	bug report
Hey help mine want work at all. Can't log in. Want send me reset pw to my email.	bug report
It straight up just won't let me connect on Xbox, please fix your app	bug report
No in app search feature kills anything positive about this app. There are other ways to group message more efficiently.	feature request
No number provided, useless people and useless app. I tried many times but it doesn't allow me choose a number from the given list	bug report
Nice but cannot export messages in an non encrypted form for backup	feature request
Ever since the last update I am unable to send or receive messages	bug report
Is not unlimted	irrelevant information
A bit buggy at times, but it does the job	bug report
That new update is horrible, we need old discord back	feature request
Works for our group to keep up to date. Edit: been using it for 2 years, still happy with it. use it for multiple groups.	irrelevant information
They removed SMS and now your need to have two messaging apps to communicate with normal people. Good job destroying your company.	feature request
It doesn't let me get pictures or phone calls at all it drop them or I never get the picture text or normal text message	bug report
Now my pics don't load in my chat conversation. You have to go to the pic archive to see	bug report
I dont like this new update its confusing and the old version was better and more easy to use than this new update	feature request
I'm unable to create an account, everytime it gets to finish up registration in 15 minutes, it says I have exceeded number of account that I am supposed to create. This sucks,I'm unable to create it.	bug report
The new update made it really really really slow	bug report
This app is buggy. I am in 3 groups. While I was driving (both hands on the wheel) this app added a member of one of my groups to another group. I hadn't touched my phone. I don't even know how to add people to groups.	bug report
Love it love it keep up the good work...	irrelevant information
It's good. True E2EE, even in group chats. Dark mode. Video and voice calls. They're still working on making it as feature rich as Telegram, but doing that while keeping it completely secure is hard, and extremely expensive. Give it time. EDIT: It's been years and I still can't send an image file without compression. -1 star. EDIT2: SMS support is disappearing. Massive step backwards. THE way I discover people use Signal is that I go to send an SMS, and it tells me thay have Signal. Not anymore.	feature request
Best app for me Vell & secure 🔐 what's AAP se to bohat he accha aap hai	irrelevant information
Im not so enjoy bcoz when i open my skype.. i can open but after 5seconds	bug report
i hate the new way to reorder channels, categories, etc, it was better the old way, now theres a green bar way under where you want to place the actual channel, its needlessly complicated, change it back to what it was before	feature request
TextNow opened and took over my screen EVERY 2-3 minutes, interupting me when I'm watching movies and youtube, or playing games, just to forcefully remind me that it needed an update. It shouldnt be able to minimize a video Im in the middle of watching and take over my screen. Ive always loved your app but this is very frustrating. I wouldve updated anyways eventually, but now Im left with a sour taste in my mouth towards the app for taking control of my phonem	bug report
Very nice experience but please improve your sound	feature request
Too slow! Drops Calls! Sound Quality is worst than POOR! Had to reinstall bc Dial Pad often FREEZES UP....u cant dial out!!!	bug report
privacy and userfriendly.	irrelevant information
It's a mystery how this app got such a high rating. It worked well upon the first installation. I mean, it's a messenger, I can send and receive messages. Yeah, applause. When I had to switch to a different device though it made me jump a series of hoops, with the final blocker being a request for a PIN that I allegedly set up at the first installation, which I never did, effectively preventing me from ever using the app again. So it's a one-time-only app, rewarded with just as many stars.	bug report
SMS has been removed, which was the only way I was able to convince friends and family to use it. Now it is gone they have uninstalled and I might as well too. No point in just talking to myself.	feature request
I've used discord (mobile and desktop) for 4 years now. Lately I've used mobile since 2021 on my android phone. It is awful. I've experienced so many issues the list would takes pages of space to write. But worst of all, the new UI is *extremely* unintuitive and awful. So many of the changes are completely unnecessary, make the app confusing and irritating to navigate, and cause more issues, like discord refusing to show messages or servers randomly. Until it changes back, discord isnt worth it	bug report
Top for years now	irrelevant information
Dear team u are requested to place online option here please...rest of the features are reliable just try to add this one😊	feature request
"Exported" my messages but NONE of the recent messages are there!?!?! Why would you take SMS away? This has to be the single, dumbest move I've seen a company make. I get the security implications but you're ostracizing a huge portion of your user base. Now I have to find something else because I don't have unlimited data.	bug report
Whan my regular phone doesn't work " text now come in to play	bug report
Because it has the person that climb to be somebody else	irrelevant information
Used to be a big fan of the app. New update sucks	feature request
Bad experience call kept cutting in and out app quit working I wouldn't even give the app a half a star	bug report
Great for calls and messaging.	irrelevant information
The app works well enough but recently none of my messages are getting sent out. This is especially troubling because I use it to communicate with my work colleagues.	bug report
How can I leave a group without notifying everyone?? Also; there should be a setting where I have to confirm I want to join a group if someone enters my number. I also HATE how I get spammed with text notifications along with the group me notifications. I end up blocking each number.	feature request
This has allowed me to make so many new friends it is crazy. The one thing I have to say, is it would be nice to have a way to change video settings on a mobile platform ( background blur/images and quality)	feature request
Oh yeah pretty cool	irrelevant information
Somtimes the calls are great quality, sometimes not so much. But it's an amazing app I couldn't live without!	irrelevant information
Buggy. Can't contact a human being in customer support. No txt msgs sent to me are received. Use the "Text Free" app which works perfectly straight away!	bug report
I don't get notifications when someone is texting me or calling me.	bug report
it comes in hand	irrelevant information
I love Discord and I would use it as an exclusive form of online communication if I could. However the new mobile UI is so terrible I was forced to roll it back to the old version. Unless you are prepared to do this, do not use the mobile app.	feature request
I've been having some serious issues with this app. Sometimes my calls won't connect even though I have a WIFI signal and other times when I do get a connection it keeps breaking up. Is there something that can be done?	bug report
A more accurate name would be "Text Free (by watching an ad for a minute of talk time or single text message)." Not even the slightest exaggeration either. Phone numbers are lost after 30 days of inactivity. Don't get this app unless you want to buy credits or get a premium subscription. Absolutely can't recommend this app when so many free alternatives exist that don't bombard you with advertising everytime you do anything. Even the creators of this app must wonder why anyone would choose it.	bug report
Simple and secure also has a beautiful space	irrelevant information
Mobile redesign is trash and changed the ui I been using for years	feature request
I enjoy this app to a certain extent. My only issue is that the app makes my phone lag, go slow, and glitch.	bug report
Every time I try to call someone it says calling and it never goes through. Even when I have perfect WiFi connection	bug report
The update is decent but I am facing an issue:- Whenever I upload some video or Image accidentally or which was not meant to be sent; I am unable to cancel the upload... I keep on tapping on the ✖️ but it doesn't works. Please fix this issue 🙏	bug report
When I'm in a conversation with a friend it lags in receiving a response and unless you check the thread u may never know if ur friend responded 20 minutes ago plz fix bug otherwise awesome app	bug report
Very easy to use, I have had no problems at all!	irrelevant information
Always start on invite page	feature request
Action Menu SUCKS. Get rid of it. Used to be great, now not so good. I regret updating. Every update is bloated with useless, child-like features. Once was clean and lean. Now it's becoming like every other messaging app, tarnishing it's reputation for security. Remove the nonsense and I'll become a sustainer for life. Or better yet, give us the option to purchase a clean version.	feature request
Works good for keeping everyone informed and sending reminders for group sports! Effective method of communication and can add and remove members with ease!	irrelevant information
id give it 5 but it logged me out once and that caused me dome serious issues. but yea great app for privacy	bug report
The only improvement I could suggest is a better way to keep conversations cause I phone got broken and I got a new one and lost all messages from that phone.	feature request
I like this app but at the same time its boring	irrelevant information
You can not delete messages and when you remove members it displays the removal to everybody...	feature request
Super editing app 🤠👍	irrelevant information
The only issue I have is that when I'm in a group chat, my last name does not match the las name on my profile. Also I've been told that no one can see my picture on the chat. I think on my picture it says that I'm a former user.	feature request
Can't tell if messages are ever being read and it quite often takes as long as 20 minutes for a message to go through	bug report
I'm not a Skype kind of guy	irrelevant information
great be	feature request
Any Skype credit disappears after 180 days without use. How is this legal??	feature request
Great update y'all, exactly what everyone wanted. A FB messenger clone. Discord was easy to use, and intuitive because it mirrored the desktop app. This sucks.	irrelevant information
Previous version was far better than the latest version. Now if you want to signup multiple times in a short period of time then you cannot signup.	bug report
Giving me a error message everytimr i try to make a call	bug report
very bad UX for a starter user setting up on phone with no previous knowledge of Discord but seriously why don't you have a username search? that's kinda BS tags and all nah that's still "unique" name you disabled search indexing for with no reasons "sure unique" blah blah.. I call cap.	feature request
It was working but then the only time i was able to see my messages only when app was open.	bug report
its ok. I wish it didn't download on others pc's though.	irrelevant information
Very good and safe app!	irrelevant information
Just tried to send a text message on October 27 but got an error message saying "your Textfree number hasn't been used for 30 days. THAT IS SO UNTRUE!!! I last sent a text message on October 3rd. That's only 24 days. If you're going to misrepresent facts, then I don't need your app.	bug report
Would  be a lot  better if ppl could see the pics I send	feature request
When i get a phone call I get a drop calls other than that everything is okay.	bug report
Seems good but unpopular in India.	irrelevant information
A little less clarity but dependable	irrelevant information
so many times I want to open the application, it hangs and takes time to come up, some times it request that I close and open again for twice or more before it's stable while sometime I receive notifications but would not find the messages on the app	bug report
No wonder why people are not ysing skype anymore, utterly useless application. You don't even get a receipt when buying their products and no customer service whatsoever.	irrelevant information
Bluetooth earbuds don't work woth the app.	bug report
I loved using this app but ever since my old phone broke I can't use my old account because of 2 step verification. And on my new account I can use my phone number because it registered with the old one. Discord holds no options to delete old accounts or register multiple accounts with the same phone number regardless of 2 step like Meta software.	feature request
S22 the app doesn't work good with Wi-Fi, but has no problem with mobile data network. I don't get messages via wifi or i get them very late. The same problem refers to sending messages.	bug report
It connects me to my mother and other family members and is saving me money.	irrelevant information
Changed mobile UI but removed functionality like searching through the entire server and only limiting it to a channel. In addition they didn't add the account switcher.	feature request
the kicking out of call is stupid	bug report
Texting works great in this app. Calls not so much. Very hard to make outgoing calls and occasionally there is a delay in what you say into the phone until the time the other person in the line hears it. My only issue is voicemail really. I used to to be able to play them but now I get voicemail is no longer available or a partial voicemail.	bug report
The dark theme is too dark, i hope it'll be such like google play darkness	feature request
Seems to freeze up alot lately for some reason. Used to be my favorite radio app.	bug report
Says that my data was shared my password an username don't use these text now apps if want stolen information 🤷🏾‍♀️	bug report
It seem that when I do not need and shut the app I am still under surveillance by Skype/Microsoft. Because when activating Skype again I am NOT asked for my password.	bug report
Doesn't want to send pictures sometimes, doubles sends them other times, glitchy, slow, not very many administrator options at all for group owners either.	bug report
STOP OVER VERIFYING STUFF! I can't log back Into my account because I never saves my password and email. So I have to remake my account	bug report
Still learning. So far, so good. But I can't figure out how to make it run on a raspberry pi. It downloaded ok, but when I go to my android phone to link it, it's not in the list of devices.	feature request
App worked fine for hands free in my car for drives home but now it just perpetually tried to connect me to the server, making the joining noise each time but never actually letting me in.	bug report
This app is heavily used for scams I fell I know first hand so be careful	irrelevant information
Great app calls are exceptionally good and I'm able to contact almost everybody in my contacts except those in other countries	feature request
Had to stop using, shame that they got rid of sms support, but main issue is it drains battery life after recent update.	bug report
Best all around Android messenger until the recent news that they're dropping SMS support. Shame to see a once good app ruined by the devs.	feature request
Best app recommended	irrelevant information
It is what it is... a place to chat with a group of people	irrelevant information
It was good, but now they say it needs Updated, of which I have tryed, it comes back each time stating can not update at this time. Please advice me of how to get the New Version of Signal, do to I talk with a close to my heart person, yet its not allowing me access. Thank you	bug report
Nice app..Thank you🙂	irrelevant information
Good app its just i have connection problems just like the other reviews but its only when i use my mobile data since it works fine when im on my home network but its annoying since i cant view or send messages while im outside	bug report
only allowed 50 ppl per group.invite went out without giving a question first if I wanted to send invite now. Each invite person could see the names of all other ppl I invited.Ppl started to reply and everyone received it.They don't know each other and it was very annoying. Most ppl were unable to quickly decline/remove themselves from the list. I only wanted to Txt multiple ppl at once not form a group text. I hate group texts.	feature request
In this app we can get best experience in video call. Video call clarity is excellent. Chatting settings is also ok.	irrelevant information
***HOW COME SIGNAL NEVER RESPONDS TO USER REVIEWS? Signal has improved, but I still don't trust it as my default message app. Message delivery in both directions was extremely unreliable as the default app. If the individual(s) on both sides of the discussion are Signal users, it's generally flawless .	feature request
I have been a user of discord for 2 yrs now and it rlly worked well in the beginning but then slowly it started to became trash. I try to log in from another device for example my laptop but it says "new log on location detected, plz check email." I dont have access to my email acc so how am i supposed to log in and what if i have an important thing to do in discord but i cant do it becuz of the log in problem.	bug report
Lately it hangsup on biometric login and there are many messages undelivered. Regards	bug report
Great phone company, lock in number!	irrelevant information
Too many ads it does what it says but the ads pop up very destructive but easy to use	feature request
It's already hard enough to make people close to me to use signal since they're already very used to WhatsApp, now that the SMS support which one main reason i could provide them to use signal gone, idk anymore. Bye signal ig	bug report
No problems and that's a good thing.	irrelevant information
it's a secondary line	irrelevant information
Why it says I have a problem with my name? I dont understand it. What kind of characters are allowed? Nothing is clear. I dont even understand why prestigious organizations are using this app😡😡😡	bug report
Get rid of the upgrade ad after upgrading. It's annoying. Otherwise great.	feature request
Great app! Love that I can create groups for easy comms.	irrelevant information
It was a good app I loved using it but lately I can't make a call I lose the connection it also doesn't ring when someone calls me. I looked and my app is updated so idk what the issue is.	bug report
It's been great for texting. But unfortunately the voice is terrible. Cuts out, garbled from the one you're speaking too. And I have 5G. All my bars. So I have a good connection. And a brand new Samsung Android 22 Ultra. So there shouldn't be any audio issues. So if you have something to resolve this issue. I'd love to hear it. Ty	bug report
Text free isn't so "free". You buy minutes & you can barely hear the person talking!	bug report
No SMS	irrelevant information
Its ok for texting. But kinda not good with calls	bug report
Now I have a phone for my tablet	irrelevant information
Im going to north Carolina so i said bye to my school friend gave them my number and left school has been over for 3 hours no response do you think they are scam numbers or something PLEASE fix it i don't know how but they are amazing and I want to be able to stay in touch with them	irrelevant information
Please add chat lock option	feature request
My expense is quite good so far very secure app	irrelevant information
It's good but if using iPhone and the other phone is android the connection isn't working very well you can't video chat to see each other or take pictures	bug report
Get notification for new texts but can only read them from notification bar then they disappear. No incoming messages show in the app	bug report
This is junk. Don't waste your time.	irrelevant information
It's functional. And exceeded my expectations.	irrelevant information
App has barely worked in the last few months. What's the point if I don't get any notifications? It's beyond inconvenient.	bug report
I find it confusing to use. Not as intuitive as other apps. The sound quality is very good.	feature request
Sorry, Signal: dropping SMS support is not going to make the world use secure messaging - instead they'll switch away from Signal and back to SMS. I can't remember who does and doesn't have Signal, so by removing SMS support I'll end up only using SMS (or a rival that lets me use both from within the same app). I didn't have a problem distinguishing secure and non-secure messages; I had a problem getting all my contacts onto Signal - that'll be even harder now. Disappointing doesn't cover it.	feature request
Calls have been horrible for mobile users now. The "no internet connection, I have given discord so many chances but this is something I can't ignore. It's annoying and needs to be fixed	bug report
One star. Because for the alleged privacy messaging app, you sure do enjoy tracking everything about me. But silly Signal, I also use duck duck go app tracking protection and its crazy to see all the info you are trying to grab about me. Bad move signal.	bug report
I WASN'T TRIPPIN ABOUT THE UI TIL I SAW YOU CANT CHMAGE THE COLOR OF YOUR BANNER UNLESS YOU HAVE NITRO?! WHAT THE HELL?!	feature request
useless password checking	bug report
too many ads. also lags often. media messaging isnt the easiest on the app	bug report
This app has serious bugs. It sincronyzed my contacts without my permission, it does not allow me to mute some notifications and the new ID idea instead of an username honestly sucks.	bug report
Good for group discussions. Only thing is deleted tests, do not delete. Everyone can still read them.	feature request
It's	irrelevant information
With the removal of SMS support, you can't use Signal as your only messaging app anymore. Now you have to get another app and, frankly, there's no reason to keep this one. YOU try convincing your friends to switch to Signal AND convince all THEIR friends to do it too! Idiotic move.	feature request
Ny removing the sms support you have really removed the primary benefit of using signal over any other secure messaging app. I've solved it for now by simply not allowing the app to update, but that's just a temporary solution and when it no longer works signal is out.	feature request
Skype is a pretty good app you can video call and all but it takes way to long to reach the person you are calling so if you do download this app just be aware that that happens.	irrelevant information
when I'm on another call, this app interrupts	bug report
It's sometimes a terrible app	bug report
does what is necessary. texting is free, as others have stated the ads are so cumbersome and large now, you're almost forced to view the ads of you want real-estate back. lately I've noticed this app takes a massive amount of energy from your device, possibly from the ads? active time 2m background 2 1/2 hrs... 26% battery usage. it's the #1 drain on the battery for my device by a landslide. scared I'd miss text if I put the ap asleep after I've text someone..	bug report
Everything works well for what we need it for.	irrelevant information
Wasn't clear how to delete unwanted chats. I wish we could go back and edit our comments in case of a typo or something we want to change. Would like more options than just the heart to choose from.	feature request
It does it job works when I need it to	irrelevant information
Question, why has Discord gotten rid of the emojis for servers? Like putting emojis in your channels name, or categories name for the phone's keyboard. I have a Samsung and it's not there anymore, I always have to switch to iPad to put the emoji. Could you bring it back, because ever since the new update came out it's disappeared. 🙁	feature request
Loding problem fix please	bug report
Login problems seems if the same account is opened in another device. This is so worng :")	bug report
Everytime my guy friend calls me he ca nt hear me....I have paid for minutes and I really need you to fix this please....thanks	bug report
Not working. Cannot login. Keeps circling a`d nothing happens	bug report
Sick of ads	irrelevant information
This *was* a 5 star app. But they're dropping SMS support, which is a huge mistake. They pretend the reasons for doing so are user-centric, but in doing so, they alienate their users by treating them like idiots. It's all cover for what, at the end of the day, is a question of developer resources and effort. SMS support was one of Signal's key differentiators and a vital onramp. If I just want secure messaging without SMS, I'll just use Wickr. Say goodbye to your hard-earned users, Signal.	feature request
The app freezes my phone every time I try to use it. Complete waste of space on my phone but is the only actual FREE app I've seen. Well no wonder it's free because it's complete bs to use.	bug report
This does not work that is why I will be deleting it	bug report
It was nicer when the amoled setting actually made it black and not just the dark theme. Also, it's stupid to put the darker themes behind a pay wall. Like sure, text and image and chat and call function all work, but it's not like it's better than its competitors.	feature request
Sure do like it but connection be slow	bug report
"Pop ups" like user profiles or the colour picker don't open, when clicked on they get stuck and only pop up when clicking somewhere else on the screen, which also triggers them to close immediately.	bug report
Not intuitive on making default text utility.	feature request
till now good	irrelevant information
how do i talk to a representive of text now	feature request
its a good app to have but call quality isnt the best in the world i routinley have calls made that the other person i am calling can not hear me although i can hear them fine i have trouble shoot all possible solutions and its still doing it	bug report
App is fire?? kinda but i hate the new layout on mobile so so much please can yall go back	feature request
This app is a good at because with the internet we can actually make phone calls and we don't have to pay for it it's actually free and a phone line is a lifeline so therefore TextNow app you have my support	irrelevant information
App is great. But include features like creating polls , requesting updates kind of things for groups.	feature request
First screen up is stuck	bug report
Fabulous app and a wonderful alternative to WhatsApp and their (intrusive) business model.	irrelevant information
I have credit in my account and its one of the most difficult things to find out how to reactivate it. Bs	bug report
New update is horrendous. It's gross and cartoony, and nothing I use regularly is in the same place. This makes the app not just inaccessible but hostile for neurodivergent users, of which there are MANY. I don't want to swipe to reply, I want to see who's online. My DMs already moved and lost a lot of navigability but now it's somehow even worse. Reacts are now huge buttons, and the threads button is intrusive for something we don't use much.	feature request
Im very dissapointed in the new update. While trying to make it flow better, the app has turned into an inconvenience. Not only are there problems with streaming, there are also other glitches and unnecessary additions (why swipe to reply when swipe has always used to look at the members list?)	feature request
Too bad they decided to discontinue this company heading headfirst into oblivion, it used to work very well.	irrelevant information
There is a significant amount of spam / spyware messages that reach you through the app. You have no way of reporting the messages or the sender and the dangerous links they send. It's not much different from Whatsapp at this point.	feature request
Excellent for a second number, easy to use.	irrelevant information
It's been better than the last time	irrelevant information
Pretty decent app, wish it were easier to delete old chats, but still a 4 🌟	feature request
Since the last update it started to go way slower. The UI looks good but the UX got really bad. It's not worth the change. Edit: the more I use it the less I like the new update. It's so clunky...	bug report
Won't show all groups or messages	bug report
This app is really good and secure I have to download and use ✨🙂☺️	irrelevant information
December 2023 update: while the platform has been mostly decent, the new UI on mobile is actual trash. Discord devs are fixing problems that never existed. August 2022 update: gifs are broken and do not auto play anymore. What is nitro paying you guys for? New ui as of 4-2-20 is ATROCIOUS. Swipe left to see sidebar now moves the chat to the right instead of the sidebar over the chat? Come on! Tired of paying nitro a year at a time and seeing these garbage choices implemented	feature request
Great way to keep up with the group. Wish I could turn off notifications though.	feature request
Overall a good app. Only part I dont like is being able to remove a post that was posted by Mistake	feature request
I cannot post pictures anymore, I tried re-installing and the problem still persists	bug report
Skype is boring and hangouts is better, because there are farting cats. Although it's still a good app.	irrelevant information
Text free, but it charges you 🤣🤣	irrelevant information
Amazing app if they weren't removing sms support. Obviously sms is less secure but if I want to message my grandmother I'm not going to have her install and be confused by this app. Honestly removing sms will make things less secure since it will be easier to just use another non secure sms app instead of Signal. Out of my 100 or so contacts only 3 have signal... it's not worth it and I will convince them to get off Signal as well.	feature request
Sometimes freezes.	bug report
All five of my accounts have been disabled for no reason	bug report
This is a great way for groups and organizations to share information.	irrelevant information
They won't let me log back in	bug report
Doesn't let you cancel your subscriptions you can call but the layout is confusing and annoying adding friends is difficult the audio is bad and it's overall laggy I hate this app	bug report
The app is great, the only thing is that when I tried to verify my phone number, I couldn't see the verification code. I didn't receive it and I've been looking everywhere for a solution but I still cant. Please fix this if you could.	bug report
You can't call out without using minutes even if your connected to wifi. And ever single call you make you can never hear anything... They can't hear you or you can't hear them. I don't like it but have to have it until I get money for my phone card	bug report
Has a lot of features but has awful UI	feature request
The new color schemes after the update are super high contrast and hard to look at. What use is a messaging app that I can't look at due to eye strain? What's more, the "new messages" function bugs out almost every time and doesn't jump to my last place in the conversation. Which is obviously no good when keeping up with the conversation is the whole purpose of this app...	bug report
can you download this app on a hp laptop?	irrelevant information
Boycott WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Really great for Talking in the game.	irrelevant information
Great app for big or small friend groups! Super easy to set up and navigate.	irrelevant information
I like it, and I hope it is very private.	irrelevant information
I'm trying to download it on my phone because it didn't work on my pc...it's not letting me find new contacts nor letting me even text or call people, I even got the new update to see if it worked and it sadly didn't.	bug report
This app was working great, but then all of a sudden I haven't been getting notifications at all, not even when someone mentions me directly in a message.	bug report
Great way to stay in the loop among friends in fantasy sports leagues or group class assignments	irrelevant information
It would be better if it has screen sharing feature	feature request
Ive only had one problem after a couple weeks it stops working I have to uninstall it and reinstall it other than that it's all good	bug report
since the last update my phone is using only the top speaker and can't seem to figure out how to change that	bug report
Everyone I get a number it won't register	bug report
The mobile app works well, the only problem is that you can't join public servers on the app.	bug report
why does it take so long for photos and videos to send :(	bug report
need sims card asap	irrelevant information
DISGORE is a great place to work for and keeps its shape and keeps its shape and keeps its shape and keeps its shape and keeps its shape in a way that is absorbed by the activity of the cell phone do I have to call you or someone else to call you or anything to get a hold of me kp I will be in touch with you on the cell phone do I have to call you or if you have any questions or need anything else from me kp let me know what you need me to do I have to call you or you can call me when you get ho	irrelevant information
Great - I wish it had a version for galaxy watches	feature request
Y'all are worthless	irrelevant information
Ever since the update it doesn't allow me too send text messages it says to turn on native messages and when I do the messages still won't send	bug report
IT'S A GREAT TOOL FOR OUR DEPARTMENY!!!!	irrelevant information
Its an ok app it just drains my battery	irrelevant information
They removed sms support. Just another bad chat app now.	feature request
Make old design button, The new design is completely inconvenient and unnecessary	feature request
It was really good before the update , now it takes forever to open , it say loading & then i have to force close it. Also it doesnt inform me when someone texts back , or it just doesnt show it at all. Please fix.	bug report
Use to be great now I can barley use the app	bug report
Good app but tooo buggy	bug report
it was good at first but now calls keep hanging up by itself	bug report
I am not able to download my recorded classes	bug report
Keep changing anything I write!!	irrelevant information
It's good...don't know what else to say but..its good...get it...dont...idc	irrelevant information
Mobile app frequently buggy but otherwise good product	bug report
I like the app for what it is but it drops lot of my phone calls	bug report
Great app for talking with friends and creating communities, but update after update, the actual structure ans functionality of the app gets worse and worse! I've been using the app for almost six years now, and this last update that rearranged the entire structure and layout of the mobile version is horrible! Not to mention wholey unnecessary! A majority of the recent updates have been awful and entirely pointless! With only a few things being fixed, and more stuff for nitro subs! Not great!	feature request
Keeps trying to charge for subscription, yet it doesn't say I have one with them or in my Google account. Since it's "not there" I can't cancle. It'll just keep trying to charge me, with no way to stop it.	bug report
App was good in beginning.but now opponent not receiving my messages quickly. Even we both have good internet. I tried on WhatsApp at same time. on WhatsApp opponent receiving msg fastly but in signal showing single tick only..don't know why.	bug report
Text works gud but Fone calls aint so gud	bug report
Need to upgrade to do anything 10$	irrelevant information
I have used TextNow for years and now suddenly all it does is malfunction. Doesn't put through msgs, cant make a call at times and now it won't even load on my phone. Idk what's wrong with it but looking for an alternative atm.	bug report
Discord keeps crashing on Mobile since the new update, so I now have to keep Uninstalling and reinstall whenever it happens.	bug report
Clear Reception needs work	bug report
This app is a good app don't get me wrong, but recently with this stupid update all the originality and shortcuts to getting to certain screens just disappeared plus the app has become so slow and buggy that it bugs out my entire phone. I like to be on multiple apps while using discord but now I can't even switch tabs to reply to friends without having to wait a full MINUTE to get back in the app which by then my friends have already replied. Things being so much harder to find now really sucks.	bug report
cannot get acesss have tried uninstalling and installing about 12 times today without any luck	bug report
This app is great! I love it, honestly. But there is a huge problem. Every few days I open the app, it tells me I have to verify my phone number. So I verify it. But it keeps showing up almost daily now and it's pretty annoying.	bug report
Great App for business settings and has great potential to be used for big family's or groups of friends!	irrelevant information
I'll give this 3 star.This app is so good believe me.But the updates really sucks!The worst part of it is now we can't ever verify our account.For that,we're not able to chat etc with friends. Discord please remove this bug!!	bug report
Can't make contact	bug report
Old version is best.. new version very bad.. slow	bug report
You will be the most used chat app if you add following features 1. User online.. or last seen indicator... 2. Individual chat lock... 3. Before sending an image we should able to point at any particular point of the image with an arrow ⬆️.. 4. Add more theme 5. Create groups	feature request
I like this app but I can't open it and I'm really pissed off, and another thing is that when I call someone its always Laggy and glitchy like the person is suddering, and I can't even hear the person because the volume is so low and I do check if its high and it always is. And I'm unstalling this app until y'all fix it or get an update and one thing I want in the update I LESS ADS NOBODY LIKES ADS WHEN THERE TRYING TO TEXT. And I'm not trying to pay 10 dollars not that I'm cheap or broke!!!!!	bug report
Discord on Android is pretty useful in itself. But what isn't useful is the app CONSTANTLY suffers from connection problems. No matter how fast your internet is. Almost every time I open the app while it was previously running, nothing loads at all for a good 10 seconds to a full minute. 10 seconds may not seem much, but the PC app can boot up, and load everything in 5 seconds or less. Considering how fast devices are these days, this is unacceptable. Please fix your connection problems.	bug report
App is not upgrading.app is still not up-grading. Tried multiple times.	bug report
Someone else is using my Gmail and all my information from this app	bug report
Calls don't ring	bug report
Great at keeping my event participants connected.	irrelevant information
Good communication app but the new layout sucks and there is no way to go back to the good old layout. I would bump up the review if they brought back the option the old layout.	feature request
So far I'm pleased with the app.. however I haven't been able to utilize all it's features so I can't really give a thorough evaluation.. time will tell	irrelevant information
If I want to send someone multiple contacts I can only send 1 contact @ a time Also there's a major lag in sending & receiving messages @ times & sometimes there's even no notification even tho the message has been received	bug report
Notifications still don't work, you click it, it takes you into the app and straight to a chunk of random text. With every update the app progressively gets worse and worse and worse. If you leave the app to go to another then switch back the discord app doesn't even refresh until a minute unless you restart the app. Overall a horrible experience.	bug report
Great way to keep in touch with a group!	irrelevant information
When our heads are the same size, my mom has the option to get rid of blur and it say something about noise cancelation. Mine says nothing about either.	bug report
I can't tell if people are online or offline and that's aggravating and I'm having a hard time getting people to come over to this app	bug report
It's a very good app but the only problem is you can't join a group by yourself someone will have to invite u to tha group in order for u to join	feature request
Is okay. It's very buggy compared to the PC version. But it works for my messaging needs.	bug report
Very good calls quality	irrelevant information
Every single mobile updat just makes the UX worse. Its now a pain to check online members and pin images	feature request
I like this up ...becouse its good i communicate with people from different countries	irrelevant information
I believe it is more private to use than other apps	irrelevant information
No 1 second Phone number app🌟	irrelevant information
I like what this app is intended to do but its too jumpy.Its slow and	bug report
why make updates that infuriate your users? its so hard to use with the new update. And when i vc, its so buggy. I also cant use the voice mail. Bring back old discord.	feature request
It was great before the newest update to the app now it crashes and doesn't load group chats correctly it goes between dm's and groups at random	bug report
I'm reluctantly giving it five stars as I just did a tech support call with GoDaddy and it was perfect. Twenty minutes, too. I can't say that from past experiences, but they seem to always be improving. Well, it doesn't work with my Bluetooth speaker. How annoying is that? And no info anywhere on the issue, except the complaints.	bug report
Constantly kicking me off.need for work and kicked off again.. maybe we need to use something that works..this app sucks	bug report
Since the latest update I can barely even use the app, it takes about 10 minutes just to open the program if it even does open, and texts don't come through for hours and sometimes don't even come at all! Not impressed	bug report
The mute button dosen't work	bug report
Cool app. Still trying it out. Thanks!	irrelevant information
I would have gave you a five stars but I still haven't received my sims card that I ordered like almost 2 weeks ago so is that true or not	bug report
No one is receiving my text messages this has never happened before	bug report
What's the point of getting minutes if the call doesn't even go through but counts the time.	bug report
It's very laggy and filled with adds.	bug report
2 stars because it's saved my ass but it is by far the most laggy & glitchy phone app I've ever used. Even when I'm in excellent wifi signal people on the line have issues hearing me.	bug report
It loads really slow.cant answer incoming call	bug report
Its good but video call quality iiish	bug report
Easy to use, simple layout, but for whatever reason I'm not receiving notifications. Even after checking my phone settings, app settings and group settings I have to manually update the chats. I've missed many time sensitive messages because of it. I hope they fix this soon.	bug report
Very limiting. Need to allow more pics to attach. Needs more features like other platforms!	feature request
Well the phone numbers used like not even 2 weeks before a number is re assigned. It is only a backup and this company has gone crazy trying to get money out of you. Just got a notice Sunday to use the number first warning and it's done the next day. If there is a emergency no one knows who is calling. Yes there are times when you may have internet but no.phone service	bug report
A scamners galore Men posing as women infest this APP. They try to get you to buy a game card. Give the number and you never see them.	bug report
Stupid as it's name. nothing workinig in this sh.ty. app, if you try you will rage and waste your time	bug report
Discord is causing too much problem for me for the last few days. My friends can't hear my in-game voice while playing together. I have uninstalled then installed hoping that it would resolve the issue but i faced even a bigger problem. Now i can't even connect to a voice chat! It shows "No Route,RTC connecting". I was able to connect and talk in voice chats before.. but after reinstalling, now i can't. How do i fix these issues? Kindly help.	bug report
I love this app! It is so useful and great! However it could do with more emoticon options!	feature request
I'm not sure who had the idea to change how replies are sent from mobile, but it's a bad change. I just want to easily check who is on. Before the update the app was a 10/10. Change for the sake of change is a bad idea. At least give us the option to select what swiping does. And yes I already submitted my feedback to discord.	feature request
I love this app. If you see looking for a secure way to communicate or want to send large amounts of data, pdf to pics and videos, this is my go to for a "low tech" EASY & SEACURE solution to send data/communicate	irrelevant information
I don't know why I installed it in the first place when I don't even need it anyway. But on the side note, the app is an error. Everytime I tried to sign up or login it kept on saying error occurred. Nice try	bug report
I have to reinstall several times a month to see my messages. Not very great.	bug report
I use to like this app until it started updating all the time messing things up. I have an LG G2 and I no longer receive notifications when I get a text and half the time I never get the text message or I only get half the text. Very disappointed in this app recently!	bug report
I have been using this app on Android for nearly 5 years now, I've been through so many updates and I'm not really picky but the past few ones have been the most annoying. One of my issues is that when I turn off displaying images to save data and click on the images I only want to see, the images don't open in discord like they used to but load in a different browser. Also the app has become much heavier and less smooth to navigate. Edit: your article didn't help either	bug report
Not private, they read your messages .... If your system is able to flag that an incoming text contains a verification code, that means you read your user's messages, period.	irrelevant information
I like this app. Like any startup there are going to be "bugs" that need to be worked out but basically this is a good one. I recommend this to anyone who loves "free",lol! It's a nice one & I plan on being a user as developers improve on the system .	irrelevant information
I have trouble with this periodically. I have excellent connection with Wi-Fi. I'm going with another app. the customer service is good and it sounds like you guys are making an effort. But I'm using my phone number for a very important issue and I don't want to hear any more complaints from people saying it doesn't work. but it doesn't work. And it's not my Wi-Fi connection! The only thing that works is text. thank you for that at least	bug report
I am not a fan of the new update, especially the new search feature in servers whenever I'm trying to look for a specific text using a particular word. I wish it would revert to its original feature.	feature request
the selfie camera does not work	bug report
Very good app, but i wish you woulfnt need wifi to use. But overall its a good app	feature request
I can't get any new message update. It's not synced. No previous conversation is showing.. very poor :(	bug report
No individual group text option anymore. Used to give you the option to send group texts individually. But now that's gone.	feature request
Hi! I am seem to be having issues with joining calls because its saying that there is a bug. please fix it..	bug report
And clear history across all devices. Great. It's a Mainstay for me. Please put clear history on the main menu. And clear history across all devices for one user.	feature request
Hello Discord, I am using this application from many year this app is really great I love this application.(hope you will reply) Thanking you.	irrelevant information
I just do not like you get text messages with it	irrelevant information
Doesnt even notify me of notifications even tho I've turned all notifications on	bug report
very effective 👌🏿	irrelevant information
The app closed by itself.	bug report
Hasn't stopped working randomly yet like most of the other applications	bug report
ill give it 5 stars when they add a setting to turn off vibration im not getting in trouble at work cause of this app	feature request
glitchy and not ficuses	bug report
Amazing just wish my sim card would work internationally when I travel outside of America I pay not to have any adds and I'm not getting any Amazing	feature request
Very bad this is loading app	bug report
Same as everyone else is saying, the UI update is bad. Get rid of the new UI or the one star reviews are just going to accumulate.	feature request
The discord app is now just not opening even though it was working just an hour ago, I am not sure what to do.	bug report
It's a good way to stay in contact with friends	irrelevant information
My mobile version displays desktop version, mainly in pop-ups, the description slides, emoji tab, gallery tab, and people's sent images. The options in a voice call is also stubborn to press as it thinks I'm scrolling. Is any of this fix-able?	bug report
There is some weird people in discord like discord mods, servers, strangers. But I still love the app oh and the report button doesn't even work👍👍👍	feature request
can we go back to the old UI for the discord phone? this new UI really drives me mad. When i want to see other's profile, it doesn't appear. When i want to mute someone from the server, it also doesn't appear that fast like the old one.	feature request
Revert back to the old UI please	feature request
I have to use my tablet info to my phone is a free phone so I can text now on both of my devices and then anybody	irrelevant information
Hey maybe don't get rid of the username numbers	feature request
I can't send no messages out am I pay the monthly subscription	bug report
It's good, Ig?? Idk it allows us to all talk to each other and I haven't encountered any bugs	irrelevant information
please fix notifications. they come through hours late almost all of the time.	bug report
Its ok rhats it is on my phone as a back up number so there is a diffrent sort of privacy if its need .	irrelevant information
Easy to share info with alot of people quickly	irrelevant information
Works most of the time, but I have run into a problem where I'm stuck waiting to join a call. Please help	bug report
Removed my international calling balance and added it to unlock rewards. When I completed, I was told that after going to this web, I can see so and so many things. And one more thing ,when I Open textnow web, a web named monkey automatically sign in with Google and collects garbage. Other things Great	bug report
It's great! But there is some glitches that need to be fixed.	bug report
App is great, but I've had issues where I don't get messages until 10 minutes after they are sent by the other person.	bug report
3 years ago your app good every update there's more and more ads your app crashes people's phones and takes over functions up until your last updates your app has become junk	bug report
Wow! I tested the TextNow feature DAY PASS in which you get unlimited data, talk, text, plus 2GB of data in the largest 5G network for 24 hours. I bought it yesterday and it did not work for me. I knew I was missing something that it is never well explained and it is one of the most important things. Today I figured it out. You have to try it because after you do what you have to do with the APN you are going to enjoy perfect connection, excellent speed, awesome communication. Don't waste time.	bug report
The reason why I gave it a two was because they give you minutes that is why	bug report
Absolutely not. Go back. Do not be Microsoft Teams. This update is awful. Give us an option to go back if you HAVE to have this new layout.	feature request
Cool 2 have,just in case..	irrelevant information
App was incredible, my daily driver for years. Now they are dropping SMS support and it's useless. I want my donations back lmao.	feature request
The new app layout is absolutely horrendous, not only is it laggy it also broke a ton of links and is not intuitive at all.	bug report
I'm new to this app, as I was invited and still learning about it.	irrelevant information
Removal of SMS support killed this app for me. It was nice having all my messages in one spot but now I get conversations split between two apps cause family members who also used signal will sometimes text me via SMS instead of on signal(#boomerthings). I don't want to talk conversations between two apps and find it to be one big joke that this app is trying to become a social media app with stories. Way to kill a good thing guys.	feature request
User friendly and it it just like whatsapp or slack!	irrelevant information
Phone app is good. I just put 3* because pc version cant hide channel list or online member list. Also no amoled (darker) theme in pc. Really weird for discord pc.	feature request
Can't get to.a group	bug report
Gets the job done except....you can't receive prompts from services that need to prompt your phone on the free version. I've been using free version for probably 5 years, and just noticed that about a week ago. Connections can be pretty spotty and rough. But as stated, gets the job done. Wish you could archive messages.	feature request
Love this app been using it for years...only down side is if you don't have wifi it dont work...if they made it were you could use it without wifi it would be the best texting app.....	feature request
Impossible to use this application on Nokia G20	bug report
I use this for calling 24/7 and it works perfectly! I couldn't think of a better way to call my friends and family!	irrelevant information
I like the app pretty cool, but thing i hate is that when i try to open the doscord app it keeps delete it or blank then don't work I don't know is something issue on discord or just my phone	bug report
It works, but I still don't get notified when there is an incoming message.	bug report
Great to use for social groups	irrelevant information
Was 5 stars untol the took the stickers away	feature request
NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT PEOPLE GETTING HACKED BY A 18+ SERVER IT IS GETTING SO ANNOYING sorry for the caps but i am so tired of getting spam messages of the dumb 18+ servers	bug report
Great app. I use it on multiple devices. I've dropped it to 3 stars because I paid the $4.99 so that I could get verification codes sent to my textnow number. No issues with that but having paid the $4.99 I also expected less ads, which I have not seen a difference in less ads.	feature request
Why the hell is the servers glitching and got kicked from that	bug report
I give it a 1 because I tried verifying my email or Gmail with the same password and Gmail or email I tried changing it but no notification.	bug report
Signal often delays messages for hours or days. I The US postal service is faster What's the point of an sms message app if people don't get your messages until the next day?	bug report
It's pretty good for like group chats and stuff. Sometimes people with older dated phones have trouble using the app but overall it's pretty good. I wish there was like a FaceTime and voicecall option that's kinda like Google meet or discord. You do need to be 13 or older for this app and to be honest I don't really think age matters depending on how your using it. For example when I was 13 I was using this as a groupchat for a school program.	feature request
Old UI was gr8 but with current UI it's giving headache in voice and video call...Not able to speak quietly lot of disruption in voice	bug report
This app may not function properly to set up groups in terms of adding/removing members. If downloading it, please consider an alternative for group messaging. I have had troubles adding members to groups for 2 weeks now and see no resolution.	bug report
Vicki von Hefld if my mother doesn't get to see 🙈 I can find out if she is.....phone ringer gets turned off stays off never rings PLEASE TEXT FIRST I WILL REPLY	bug report
liked the old discord better.	feature request
Horrible. I had enough with your app. So I just deleted it. If I could give it zero star I would. First it was the drop calls. Then the calls were just horrible. We couldn't hear each other. The ads were too much ,but I learned to live with it because it's free, but with the call quality was the end. Like I said just horrible	bug report
It's okay when it is working.	irrelevant information
I like the app, but there is no distinction between the Creator and anyone else in the group. You might say something not even remotely offensive, and if some random member is offended, they will kick you. Could you potentially make it so only the Creator has kicking/banning rights, and is allowed to assign admins to the chat? Because getting banned by someone who just joined when I've been in for 5 months longer is annoying to say the least.	feature request
this app does nor always let you know when you have a message. I can go days without knowing someone messaged me, until I open up the app and see an unread message.	bug report
Tier 0 community app on Android.	irrelevant information
Discord try and not change a perfectly functioning UI challenge (impossible). No but seriously, if speed and ease of access was the goal, it now takes an extra button press to navigate to a recently received dm. And to top it off, it's slower. Like the functionality of it. The app hangs for nearly half a second before loading the screen you want.	feature request
It is didn't working on my phone	bug report
U should make it work without WiFi	feature request
excellent app for when you're out of minutes or just want to go off Wi-Fi have no problems	irrelevant information
The texting is fine but I have never been able to make a call.	bug report
If you want to be able to load a 10 minute video in 7 minutes and completely destroy your phone. Then this is the app for you!	bug report
Used to be a great app. Now google is involved and it does not work. I was sent an invite, followed the instructions completely and i cannot access the new group.	bug report
Cannot delete messages in thread that r no longer needed. This fills up my memory and causes other problems. Before I did an update last spring I could select info that was no longer needed and delete it. This is a wonderful tool, but please fix the problem.	feature request
Kindly return the right side menu which shows the users to see who are logged in or out in the server, it's annoying that I cannot see that anymore in mobile, pls and thanks in advance.	feature request
Very slow for texting and has a seriously bad lag by the time I want to send out a small simple text my responds time take like five to six minutes people think I'm ignoring them	bug report
The home screen of this app routinely shows you that there are new messages, but when you open the group in question, they're not there.	bug report
I called to my husband but not can talk with him....😩😩😩😩😩	bug report
great for having a home phone number and not having to pay for it	irrelevant information
First time they release my number in 2 days even though I've been using it for years. On a side note, $7 to subscribe PER WEEK? Gotta be joking, I could get a real number for less 😂 Also you can't get verification code for many things, don't even bother.	bug report
Takes a little bit of time to figure out what everything means still to this day im figuring out new things about this app	irrelevant information
Good app, free and such just they need to work on their moderation and cyber bullying.	irrelevant information
Don't always get to call. I try to call and it crashes	bug report
Overall a good experience. Just writing a review to extend my dislike of the new update. I think it's trying too much to fit in with other social apps and it's loosing the individuality of discord.	feature request
Good app, wish they still had SMS support	feature request
I love this app but i recharged on my account since yesterday thru google and uptill now,my account has not been credited.Pls kindly help resolve this issue,what if someone needs to make an urgent call?	bug report
Can't receive free verification code	bug report
Good overseas connection.	irrelevant information
the redesign.	irrelevant information
Sucks big time slow and stupid ads	irrelevant information
So I have been using this app for a few months now 2-3 idk and it works perfectly, I love it though today I lost my phone number that I had since I downloaded the app and a random person had it, not the issue happens to the best of us the issue is I can't find a new number. I have been trying for hours to get a number but it just says there's no numbers available. If u could do something about it that would be amazing. I get a lot of calls and I need a number. The app is great and I'm thankful.	feature request
Dear discord, My account has been disabled. I wasn't aware of my wrongdoing please unban my account I promise to be careful with how I act and what I say whilst using the app. -G.O.A.T#4987	bug report
Freezes a lot more than before; so that's why I give it a 3	bug report
It's just an amazing and convenient app to use. Overall a great app.	irrelevant information
It is a more efficient way to communicate	irrelevant information
I just lost all of my groups after the update! Thanks for the downgrade! 🤬	bug report
Worked. Thanks. Now it's smooth as before.	irrelevant information
I like the new interface, seems more efficient, speedy and compact. The only problem I have is about hiding and unhiding messages.  At first when I "deleted" a a direct message, It simply removed it from my inbox and whenever I got  new message it would appear in my inbox.  When my friend  direct messaged me earlier today, the notification showed up but I was puzzled for awhile because I had no new messages in my inbox, until he told me he sent a message.  It would not show up in my inbox.	feature request
Terrible app. Freezes constantly despite having excellent wifi connection. Can't even import contacts. Useless.	bug report
Forces you to pay! If you want to receive verification codes, you're obligated to sign up for a subscription. It actually notifies you when a verification code has been received and that it's blocked it! Completely useless!	feature request
Credits are the peoblem... I am not buying credits... I thought this was free texting	bug report
this app sucks as far as trying to talk on the phone. you can text but will drop calls or not get them	bug report
A typical call in Skype 99% "can you hear me" 1% "hello"	bug report
This app barely even opens when it does all it says is not responding and closes out...	bug report
Keeoa saying i have an unsupported version of the app	bug report
It's a good app, but it's very buggy in the current state.	bug report
It works great if you have a group and you can just put the messages in the group chat @ the same time instead of texting each person the same thing	feature request
Keeps signing me out	bug report
I started using Signal because it also had SMS, even though few of my contacts actually had Signal. Now SMS support is being removed. And the reasoning doesn't make sense: people are too stupid to understand the difference between and SMS and a internet message. Seriously? Really disappointing.	feature request
Great app,  just wish the pic and video sharing was faster to use	feature request
It doesn't suck that much	irrelevant information
I don't like that it takes away your number if you're inactive without paying. otherwise it's a good app	feature request
i love discord. it's great. I've met tons of my friends on there and they mean the world to me. but I HATE the new update. oh my God please put everything back I don't like it	feature request
The update sucks. Discord was alot better before the new update came. Stop trying to change this to Instagram. Give back the old features.	feature request
Waste app everyday my teacher scolding plz fix it bro	bug report
Very laggy, opens slow, and a lot of bugs.	bug report
Got a new phone try to make a phone call stayed on the phone for 2 minutes drop the call SIM card version of this company's TextNow he's as bad it's not worth it	bug report
Where are emojis	feature request
I cant find people. I always have to be invited. I have android. Please help	bug report
Truly enjoy this app with the family.	irrelevant information
Dropping SMS and MMS must have been a huge mistake	bug report
Let me be honest there, discord IS an amazing app but... But the amount of bugs there are in the mobile version just kills it.	bug report
Trash!!! Calls never go thru.  Too many ads.	bug report
Really good app last i checked, only problems i had when i last used it was it requiring wifi to use, and the loss of my number	feature request
bug. microphone cannot working on xiaomi need to close open the app too work. when dc on the voice channel and join again. the microphone cannot work again	bug report
Not working everytime i try whatsapp says number not blocked for whatsapp	bug report
update to a new version	irrelevant information
Otherwise its fine.	irrelevant information
Sometimes  calling is difficult. All in all a good app	bug report
It Good to used in chat , whenever I need to talk with my family I used this app,	irrelevant information
Nice one, you managed to make it unusable. What an awful ui now	feature request
Good way to group	irrelevant information
Does calls but hangs up by it self a lot	bug report
It's okay but it's sucks that you got to pay $6.99 a week just to use it to get verification code, yet other apps are free to get the verification code	feature request
The app contain many bugs now after the new updates.	bug report
I only have this phone to communicate momentarily while my phone is off. The few issues I have is how many times it freezes up where you can't hang up or answer incoming calls and you can't receive or send calls over certain wifi. When you turn a setting off it will still be there. For example I turned off the huge animated gifs that pop up while texting and they never went away. NOW I don't get notified when I receive a text. I've updated refreshed etc. It's just wonky	bug report
Every time I call my money card to try and monitor my funds itll never let me through saying I'd entered the wrong information	bug report
App closes on its own. Calls wont go through	bug report
How dare you remove SMS!?! Do you even realize how many people in the world don't use this app? Half of my generation hasn't even heard of it and you have the audacity to take away my ability to contact them. I am beyond mad right now. The app was perfect until then. Shame on you all. I've used this app for years. I really can't understand you all right now. But, I hope you're happy with losing half of your users, because it's going to happen if they can't text outside of this messaging app.	feature request
I released my number trying to get a new one and now its saying something went wrong! Unreliable! I would have kept the damn number!	bug report
A solid chat app, but periodically a few bugs pop up. Mainly, every once in a while the app fails to load messages, sometimes for days. I engage in all the standard troubleshooting methods, but most of the time I just need to wait. Overall though it's great for my purposes.	bug report
I hate it alot of scammers on it	irrelevant information
Functions correctly as what it does. Knocking off the stars because the app does not implement system dark mode properly so even though the OS is dark and the Skype app is dark, the nav bar is bright white.	feature request
Notifications are very delayed .. some people say they don't get the call ring on the other end and instead the other user gets a notification of a missed called 30mins to an hour later. I left the app sadly as it's not fast enough in allowing me to talk to my contacts. The other issue is the media being sent is not grouped together .. there is no web app support instead you need to install an app on desktop which also fails to sync messages correctly. The video call quality is extremely bad.	bug report
Tried using this many times and it seems to crash / cookie issues / please fix thank you and have a blessed day !	bug report
I can finally talk to my friend from home	irrelevant information
The app barely works. It makes my keyboard lag when I'm in the app, and when I exit out of the app and close it, my phone freezes up for a few seconds and the app crashes, almost every time. If you exit out of the app for any reason with a message waiting but not sent, it will delete it 95% of the time, so if you needed to go fact check something, too bad, your whole paragraph is gone. Also, the ad that pops up underneath the keyboard directly after sending a message makes it impossible to quickly send a fix for a typo (caused by the lag) because I now have to close the app store and go back to the conversation. It definitely needs a lot of work, especially since it only sometimes sends and recieves texts reliably.  Changed my rating from 3 stars to 2 after I spent all day thinking everyone was ignoring me just to get flooded with texts and see all mine send all at once in a random order this evening. It really seems like the quality of this app is sinking, it used to be much better. I decided to switch to TextNow and it's already so much easier to use. I'll be deleting this app and definitely not coming back.	bug report
Too many ads it pisses me off	irrelevant information
New app does not function. Closes randomly. Can't open pictures. Exquisitely ugly	bug report
It's great...until you have to transfer to a newer device and then it doesn't want to give you back your chat history. You can back up the history all you want but actually being able to access it is an entirely different story. The "help FAQs" don't help either, outside giving the illusion of being helpful.	bug report
Ever since the last update, it is super annoyingly slow.  Makes me just close it rather than wanting to use it.  Fix your interface	bug report
use this app daily and when it works it's great. But for about the past 2 wks every other day it wont load randomly throughout the day and I end up having to uninstall and reinstall the whole thing. It's super annoying	bug report
Horrible new ui. What the heck Discord, uninstalled that update real fast.	feature request
Unable to send any screenshots or image since update	bug report
Awesome and easy. Great quality	irrelevant information
The chats keep glitching constantly where I have to swipe to close the app in order to switch channels and the customized icons are still not working	bug report
It works very hard and it is very slow, it consumes a lot of battery and Microsoft does not pay attention to the Android Skype app at all.a lot off bug's!!	bug report
I can't sign in. Everytime shows that check your internet connection, while I have a strong signal.	bug report
I like it but some times when I sent a video or picture together it's just crash	bug report
TRYED TO USE THIS FOR A VERIFICATION ON YOUTUBE BUT WONT WORK	bug report
App is borderline unusable and this is on a phone with a Snapdragon 888 processor. Why fix something that ain't broke?	bug report
Please beware scamners are using it to offer jobs and get your info!! (	irrelevant information
U have got to be kidding me right?? Everytime I call someone or text someone it says phone call or delivery doesn't seem to be delivered or completed but I have over 50mins and its just dumb how you have to keep watching videos just for mins I mean if it was free like you guys say it is then people(users) wouldn't have to do that	bug report
Just downloaded the app.. tried to login and keep getting, there was an error try again.	bug report
can't receive certain types of messages	bug report
The app is not accepting to install on my phone,can someone help me please	bug report
App on phone won't sync immediately	bug report
I love that it translates messages but it does not translate when on video.. which was my reason for getting it. Looks like I will have to look for another app.	feature request
Supports all the required features including high quality video an audio calls. Even has all the features from WhatsApp, that I never use, like Stories etc. Newest and sweetest feature is "Edit Message" as known by e.g. MSTeams. An in top of all it is encrypted and open source. There is no safer place for your shared data!	feature request
not bad for a free app. just gotta use it at least once per 30 days to keep the number. many numbers to choose from. only get 30 minutes of talk time though.	irrelevant information
It's getting prob to login	bug report
CONSTANT FALSE NOTIFICATIONS!! - "You May Have New Messages" CONSTANTLY APPEARS - WHEN I DON'T HAVE ANY MESSAGES. These false notifications WASTE MY TIME!	bug report
Put a translator in the DM please.	feature request
This app sucks! Doesn't always alert you when you get a new message and it just dropped a very important incoming call and there's no way to see the number that called so I can call them back!	bug report
So high definated	irrelevant information
Owned by Microsoft. Can't fix major bug or this is some hidden settings. Every time I call with my WiFi on person O call can't hear me. As soon as I call without WiFi everything is fine.	bug report
Was working well and now suddenly can no longer make out bound calls. I'm trying to make a US call and it rings once and then says I don't have enough credits to complete this call. There should be no credits as the call is not international.	bug report
I keep disconnecting and rejoining a call despite the update. I enjoy most things in this app, but not this.	bug report
I want a refund I put mins on here and it won't let me make a call	bug report
it's good eazy to call out	irrelevant information
sometimes its hard to hear calls but it works good overall	bug report
Unable to download. Please fix this issue	bug report
Skype works great for me, most of the time.	irrelevant information
So good I might just buy the SIM card for service. A++👍	irrelevant information
Would get more stars if picture down loads were easier.	feature request
I don't know what I did to do with it	irrelevant information
I ordered my sims car i while back. I purchased it fir 4.99 plus tax. It was shipped on the 10th and still not here. O can't get in touch with a real person to get another one or my money back why can't I reach anyone	bug report
Won't download on my home screen so I have to go to the play store to use it. Also does not alert me of incoming calls or texts	bug report
Its AWESOME TO STAY IN TOUCH	irrelevant information
Update: I continue to use the app with some people. We also use it for phone calls sometimes. It is an excellent communication replacement when you have good Wi-Fi, but no cell coverage. We used it extensively when our son was in England where his phone had no SMS. ______ Discontinuing sms is suicide. Do they really think that I can convince 100 contacts to switch to signal? I can't even get all my family on it. Juggling two apps is stupid for anyone who has more than one signal contact.	feature request
My debit card was charged 4.99 and I did not authorize it	bug report
Was useable, but I barely use it with the new update, it's a total mess. Almost no benefits to the change and the app feels 10 times more sluggish than it did before. If there was an option to chose between 'new' and 'classic' discord when you first loaded the app for instance, maybe it would work but as it stands the decision to change the app to this bloatware monstrosity is one of the more baffling ones in recent memory.	feature request
A pain to setup, no import capabilities, unless every contact is on your phone. Moronic	bug report
I've been using this app for a preety long time now,and now it won't let me call anybody or let me answer calls.All it does is show up a blank white screen then it takes me back to my messages.Please fix this issue	bug report
All my friends are on here. Im rlly glad i met them but it should be easier to make alt accounts	feature request
The last layout was much better, this update has made Mobile almost unusable, please if there is any God out there return it to the old Layout!	feature request
I like the layout just not how emoji is gone you can't see what you liked you can't see a list of ppl using GM you can't delete old conversations and again emoji is gone.... Hopefully you guys are working on it just haven't got to it yet other than that its cool.	feature request
Love this app thank you ❤️	irrelevant information
The reception is always too bad to talk but the texting works perfectly.	bug report
It would not let me sign in 😬😬👎	bug report
Here, when chatting with someone, no one else, can sneak in, and I like that	feature request
So it's good for the most part, but my problem is the new voice mesaage option, I can send a 5 second voice message, but when I try to send longer voice messages they don't want to send. Fix this please.	feature request
It's a great VOIP app that enables any one to speak with each other free of cost with only the need of an Internet connection. The reception is often good. My only criticism is that when you have the app open and you migrate over to another app and come back to the Skype app, it reboots so you end up losing the chat box you were in.	feature request
My friend cannot see my camera .. when I open the camera he tell me that It seems closed	bug report
I almost never get my text messages. It's not worth the download.	bug report
I can't remember my password and how can retrieve it or get a new one	bug report
Wotks when it wants. Connections are unstable and drops all the time. With continuos network glitches	bug report
I love this chattin' app it's great for chattin' with anyone anywhere! And it's private and that's always a plus so i highly recommend this app to anyone lookin' to chat privately with anyone!	irrelevant information
When I call none of calling is clear	bug report
I banned someone and I tired to unban using the server unban button and its been loading for 1 Year plz fix this	bug report
Always on point	irrelevant information
Works fine. Though I don't understand why you get kicked out of a group if you don't respond.	bug report
Ads are everywhere	irrelevant information
Is that when i receive at text that i dont have to refresh it to see it and that the pinger talking app would let me use it and not stay stuck on what country im in,other than that its a pretty good app.	irrelevant information
please.. change it back :( Its not even pretty anymore.. this is honestly an overall downgrade	feature request
thx for c re creating	irrelevant information
Every time there is a new update, all the chats become read only. Very annoying.	bug report
used to earn 2 MINUTES per video, now only 1 Reply to Plinger-- yeah watching videos you're only getting 1 minute, also that's the only free way. Otherwise you're spending $. I'm just gonna go install a different free app that's free.	bug report
minutes and you should ne able to name the numbers	feature request
Kinda cool	irrelevant information
It's good but it have a very bad quality in the videos for example when i play a video the quality is so bad 😞	bug report
Help. Why I can't verify my discord account? Can you remove it because I don't like it.	bug report
It's a great app overall, BUT ADD BACK THE NUMBERS. IT MAKES IT EASIER TO CATCH PEOPLE WHO ARE PRETENDING TO BE SOMEONE ELSE.	feature request
I'm not one to review bomb, never done it before. But this new update has made me use the app so much less to the point that on the off chance I do open it up I close it straight away because the UI is so terrible now. If they hadn't removed the ability to revert the changes and use the old layout I couldn't care less, I don't understand why it isn't an option so there's a best of both worlds.	feature request
You can't clear your own messages like whats app still even now end of 2023? lol	feature request
I cannot get onto my chats or contacts even.I must have sent 50 messages to support but no reply	bug report
App crashes anytime you open the server menu where the text and voice channels are, especially when pictures or videos are on screen to the right	bug report
Firstly i couldnt go to any channele with the announcement channe being popped out now i cant read GC messages	bug report
After 5 seconds, I can still hear the person but the person cannot hear me. I depend on this to talk to my daughter every friday. Whatever happened, broke the app, and now I'm having to find a replacement	bug report
So far, so necessary, it is a great way to communicate with friends and family.	irrelevant information
Similar to other people's reviews, the app frequently gets stuck on the current channel's chat and every other channel and server shows the same chat until I restart the app. Was never an issue before until the last updates. And before you suggest it, switching wifi and data doesn't fix a code bug. Galaxy S22 Ultra on Android 13	bug report
Good for a teacher reminder or information.	irrelevant information
By far my favorite chat app. If you're using anything else, switch!	irrelevant information
Slow on MI Note 11 Unable to link from Web. Camera gets stuck at QR scan screen.	bug report
Calls are horrible! You either can't hear the person, they can't hear you, or u just get cut off! Please fix and I will give 5 stars	bug report
It's good even though it takes a while to deliver	irrelevant information
This app is awesome. I love it because I can chat with my friends over long distances. But here's the catch. Last summer, I could chat with someone on the other side of the world. Today, I can't get some messages I send to my friend and it's the same thing for them over a 2 HOUR DRIVE! So please fix this because a problem that cost 3 stars, is a VERY big problem.	bug report
Not the easiest to add peaple but it works dont forget your password	feature request
Horrible. It won't let you use any of the free features that comes with it including the video. You keep getting error messages for stuff and I cleared to catche, and even uninstalled it just to still get an error message. But it works perfectly fine every other phone I have in the house. Way too many ads, and you can't even disconnect from the ads the ads are mandatory and a lot of times you can't even take the ad off it just continues on and never goes back to the operation of using it	bug report
Easy to use, features work well/as described	irrelevant information
I bought a $15.00 world unlimited mins to landlines and mobiles for 1	irrelevant information
Cannot log in even after multiple password resets, I have zero problems logging in on my laptop but the app has become completely useless as of now been using the same account/password since 2014 or so and have never had problems logging in until today	bug report
It's fantastic but I have my connection to my PlayStation but I asked my friend if he can see what I'm playing and he didn't, even though I'm playing a game and it doesn't show on my status I tried everything	bug report
Functionality is good. Calendar and messaging works good	irrelevant information
I absolutely HATE it. I am forced by my employer to have it. And I hate it.	irrelevant information
Sucks that theyre removing the sms feature. Theyre not even making suggestions for alternative apps. Im scrambling to find one. And yes I see no other purpose of this once legendary messenger app. I need an app to text. Very basic feature. Will be removing once I find the perfect alternative.	feature request
no phone calls can be successful. one star just for the glitchy texting feature. edit: tried multiple wifi areas with the same to worst experience when trying to make any or receiving any phone calls.	bug report
It is one the better apps that I have downloaded	irrelevant information
Would be cool if it would actually deliver anything (text/files). Can voice call ok buy just use phone most of the time anyway.	bug report
Signal is dead ... RIP, why did you guys remove SMS support?	bug report
Garbage new UI makes the app exceedingly clunkier to use and way less intuitive, for absolutely no reason other than chasing after an UI trend started by other messaging apps that fundamentally cannot apply to Discord due to how different it is to them in actual intended function.	feature request
Removed swiping left to show your friends list. Now there's tabs. Swiping left is replies to comments now. Edit: I'm not even the only one bitching about the new ui. Time to revert back to what we had, discord.	feature request
I though the he best of luck 😨😨	irrelevant information
Best social media platform I ever used!!	irrelevant information
The app was working fine until it updated and now all it does is forecloses everytime i open the app please fix the problem asap.	bug report
Can't call anyone using this app	bug report
Best messaging app. Don't ever change	irrelevant information
It's good except if you go like 3 days without using it they delete your number and you have to get a new one. Other than that I like it very much	feature request
Sick of this stupid app. I can't get past the CAPTCHA verification screen, it's been weeks.	bug report
It's the best way for me to keep in touch with my friends, we have a lot of fun	irrelevant information
where we my option for loudspeaker gone?	feature request
Do not function. Will not load	bug report
In a nutshell it may take a huge amount of time on doing anything (load messages, load my gallery and send pics, join a call), sometimes seemingly never... Otherwise it does everything as intended.	bug report
New update spoiled everything...	feature request
Text now is Wonderful, I never have any problems with it ,I can't say enough good things about it	irrelevant information
To hell with Microsoft. This app keeps rejecting the correct passwords forcing me to reset more than a dozen times.	bug report
It's a great app to use I like it is user friendly!	irrelevant information
Very secure app to have conversations without worrying about them being seen. Update; this is an amazing app for texting, no one can see or read past texts. I recommend you try it if you're worried about BIG BROTER tapping in	feature request
i like this Text Now application. it is good to have a backup. Urge all associates and friends to get em one now.	irrelevant information
bruh it always knows the number fake	bug report
TARKIS	feature request
The app sometimes doesn't send me notifications, and every time I try to change my icon it reverts back to my old one. GroupMe should allow you to delete individual messages and chat histories with other people instead of forcing me to hide old messages.	feature request
Don't get me wrong I love discord very useful. But the new version my god full of bugs. When I open discord and go directly to servers the screen freezes. And for instance I go back to discord from another application and even the chat history is a few messages back.	bug report
UI update is disgusting. Why would you make such a drastic, disorienting, and useless change? Why would you remove the option to disable it?	feature request
New	feature request
when i play spotify while i use this app on my Samsung S7 Edge. the music and video call quality is horrible.	bug report
Calls dropped echos not a very good app	bug report
the lastest update get issue with message delay, and the support team dont give a shiet but just "clyde" bot doin job	bug report
While I was typing a reply to a message, the app restarted itself and deleted all my conversations and messages. Other than having the same number, it was as if I just installed the app and was starting over	bug report
It has to many ads	irrelevant information
The application hangs almost each time I'm starting it, right after the splash screen. I try to run it on a Galaxy S7 with Lineage OS 19.1 (Android 12) installed on it. There is definitely a problem in the app when run on the newer OS, as it used to work OKis on the stock Android 7.	bug report
Nice one	irrelevant information
it keeps saying there are NO NUMBERS available! no matter which area code I pick!	bug report
Utter trash that makes you sign up to read a text. Uninstalled.	bug report
Love the app, very helpful but after a while notiffications wouldn't show up n my screen. As soon as I open the app though, they would all show up. (And yes I have all of my notification settings on) PINGER PLS HELP!!!!	bug report
Failed to create account. I didn’t receive any verification, though tried several times. It sows failed to connect with server.	bug report
This app has failed miserably because it won't take my password!	bug report
After updating, there's been constant application crashes and force closing, please fix this.	bug report
It Goes fast and I like it	irrelevant information
This game sucks I got even get in I don't even have a email account only a Gmail account! I HATE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	irrelevant information
The app is great and usable but it'd be better if there was a search button, so you can search in conversation. I sometimes want to find old images or messages in the convo but I can't find them anymore, unless I scroll up which always glitches out. Please add a search in conversation tool	feature request
It's a horrible app please fix it stuck a lot	bug report
Good services, not a great interface for dialing/adding new contacts. Can forward calls to a Skype number, but not texts - which is annoying.  Good alternative to international plans minus the text receiving issue.	feature request
Not bad app works great lots of ghost on it	bug report
Account was hacked and then disabled. Reached out to support and they said I had gone against terms of service and nothing could be done. Very poor customer service.	bug report
I've used for couple months now and it's getting worse everyday. It doesn't ring or tell Me when I have a message	bug report
I think there should be a option to delete the chats if you wanted to instead of hiding them	feature request
It's pretty bad app. When using it for a work: each message or group call understand all the pain of using this. Often missing notifications, ton of lags like missing message even chat is opened, when open app - it just closed or even crashed. Poor work with RAM (consumes a lot) and all this 'great stuff's. But now I'm happy not using this anymore.	bug report
App itself works for that it would get a great score, however they have some Sneaky Ads which are just Nonsense. I get it the app is free therefore you put up with ads. The reason I say the Ads are sneaky is the following. There are times when an Ad will Pop up and you go to Close it by hitting the X in the corner & what happens? It takes you to the freaking ad page. The "X" was fake. Look back at the Ad & you notice that there is another button in corner that says Close.	feature request
The sound is clear, but the layout (mobile version) is no longer user friendly for quickly finding the parties you want or need to connect with.	feature request
It's an okay app I've had no problems I'll talk to my girlfriend on	irrelevant information
Greatest 2nd phone line. Love it.	irrelevant information
You are dumb app doesn't allow me to erase numbers for my contacts I no longer want	bug report
The app was good sometimes but most of the time even if we have full interest the app will be slow messages won't send fast the most the times calls will be not good it will be stuck in middle of calls....	bug report
It's been crashing and won't stay  open I'm very unhappy	bug report
Its a good app for texting and calling but it has WAYYY to many ads	feature request
Fast smooth and secure! Sends and receives my carriers native app.	irrelevant information
Well i'm new on this app,but downloading it was very easy the only question i have is that the verification code which was sent to my phone text message instantly re-typed it self in the verification box of the app(signal) which i dont think it should be so,since it is only known by me i presume.	feature request
It's not bad....could be better....	irrelevant information
yet another walled garden -> 🗑️	irrelevant information
Bad app in my opinion.	irrelevant information
Please add so we can report people because some mfs hacked into our account 🙂	feature request
Its ok only bad thing is theres an echo on the others persons voice	bug report
Need to improve Android side , I compare with iPhone  And when you paste big text to the grocery it's behave weird on Android, better in iPhone	feature request
- so much for hands free! I had read somewhere that this feature can't be	bug report
Its alright I guess I've had no problems out of them yet	irrelevant information
New version was not able to verify my number,kept on throwing error, was not able send or receive messages and also there was no sync with desktop version.	bug report
I have waited for 45 minutes to receive msm or phone call fir that 6 codes but don't received yet	bug report
Great app, convenient - until huh ou need help! With all that this app has, there's no way to adjust ring volume. That's crazy!!	feature request
It's good when you have no service plan and just have wifi access on your device. Call quality isn't the greatest but app is free so can't complain too much.	irrelevant information
Calling is pretty frustrating, whenever I go to hangup or do anything when I touch my screen it turns black and I can't do anything until I stop touching it My phone was on in my pocket and somehow bought TextNow ad free+	bug report
Horrible experience! I don't use for many years and I can't stop the subscriptions...it is stilling my money every month, no customer service and representative...i have to close my credit card to stop this fraudulent activity...	bug report
I enjoy and love this app. I have used it off and on for years. The ads can be intrusive butits not too bad	irrelevant information
Great for group messaging! Easy to add people	irrelevant information
Long time user, but I can't access the main screen, if I want to text someone I either have to search them or click a notification. Otherwise it just loads and loads forever	bug report
Nobody wanted this update. You don't need to add anything new this isn't a game. Just leave the app as it was. And stop ignoring everyone that is so disrespectful	feature request
Very good for free text haven't tried to use the calling feature yet.	irrelevant information
At first discord was my favorite communication app and i even purchased nitro,but now days discord started glicthcing and when I open discord I can't even see any server or any of my friend's profile picture. Please fix it !	bug report
Why does a number that was just use yesterday when you try to call says It's Disconnected today	bug report
Downloaded the app. Go to open it and the app will not run.. after 5 minutes of opening and closing app it FINALLY runs but once I watch a video to get minutes the app freezes!!! Deleting.	bug report
Was alright 👌	irrelevant information
The update makes things hard to find and less accessible. I've also had issues with the channels not loading when switching between servers or between channels in the same server	bug report
Best app, secure, no blocking as other app WhatsApp etc doing	irrelevant information
Why is SMS dropped? Now my parents cannot use this anymore as they get confused using multiple apps for messsaging.	bug report
You guys need to fix the bugs. Love the app..but refreshes for like 20 min.	bug report
Signal app my app Mein Ek bhi active group abhi tak nahin mila hai sochne wali baat hai yah	bug report
You need to be able to delete messages one by one	feature request
I can be slow sometimes but very fun games !	irrelevant information
Messaging works pretty well. Can't make a phone call to save your life though. Has always IF (and that's a big IF) they can even hear me, there is a 20-30 second delay. Can't talk to anyone like that lol.	bug report
It's really comes in handy Works great Just wish it had more directions	irrelevant information
Love this app. It's good and reliable	irrelevant information
Its a great app , I love the time I spend here but for some reason I keep having technical issues with this even if everything is alright	bug report
I really wish more of my contacts used this instead of Whatsapp.	feature request
Can't even upgrade my account nor log in to the website to figure out Why complete wast of time	bug report
Try first time	irrelevant information
Good video chat.	irrelevant information
it doesn't have old games	irrelevant information
Love it .Now can only find a phone that doesn't breakin 2 days😞.	irrelevant information
I hate this app, it's one of the worse apps ever. you wouldn't get any stars if I had it my way!!	irrelevant information
-Slow even on a device with 12gb of ram. -Dualscreen phones such as my zfold3 have lackluster support meaning the gui is buggy. And they're also going to implement a username change, yeah, I'm not gonna use your little tencent app anymore.	bug report
I experienced good vedio & no loading active to call every day...	bug report
I would give it 5 stars if I could use an image that I Bluetoothed fromy pc to my phone. It kept saying image data not found. I had to take a screenshot just to use it. Even though it was clearly on my phone.	bug report
The best App for privacy reasons Because WhatsApp does not give such type of privacy policy And the owner of facebook and WhatsApp they want only our data to doing there business So, be aware and delete the WhatsApp because now a days so many scams are done by WhatsApp So use this app and get secure 🔐 our data	irrelevant information
I love it but the quality is not that good	irrelevant information
Please add share screen feature in this mobile app so that it can be more	feature request
You have to have Facebook what the heck	irrelevant information
I have loved using this app for a long time, used it since 2017, and previously had a five star review on it, but it gets more frustrating to use with every update. They keep adding new UI changes that are entirely unnecessary and just make the experience worse for no clear reason. I buy nitro because I think the emoji and animated banner perks are worth it, but if the app gets more user unfriendly I don't want to pay for that.	feature request
What happened?? It's so full of bugs! Can't even send a video.	bug report
very much enjoy signal !	irrelevant information
Pretty good app, some glitches here and there, sometimes the app crashes on me, but not often, overall good app	bug report
Pinter was a 5 star now to me it dropped ever seens the New update I experienced promblems  it won't even let u see ur messages because it say Still loading for a long time I tried uninstall the app 3 or 4 times but it still does the same thing Please Fix this app Please.....	bug report
Uhgh, my experience with this app is disgusting, I ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS need TF+ but I live in a cardboard box, I just lost my dawgggggggggga 😢🐶🙏🕊️	irrelevant information
UPDATE- The Verify you are a human on the web site is stupid!!! Doesn't work and for palsy victims is totally worthless! Get rid and I'll go back to 5 stars. Finally got everything together. Am quite happy with the app. Also the ONLY communication app I've seen with free calls to family and friends in Ukraine! Kudos guys!	bug report
I pay monthly for an limited ads experience, I literally get all of the ads that were previously shown. This only happened after a recent update. The little ads are fine and it shows up properly on my other phone. My new phone doesn't. FIX IT ASAP, I LITERALLY PAY MONTHLY.	bug report
App is great, but the newest update did something that ruined the AMOLED mode... Now it's just regular dark mode with AMOLED side menus...	feature request
Yeah i have a bunch of issues with the app, first it takes long for a call to go through, then sometimes it bugs out with speaker. My friend says i sound far away sometimes and sometimes i make a call and my friend picks up but the calling continues. also when i am writing a message and someone calls me a big chunk of my message dissapears when i answer the call. Once i called my friend and he did 't pick up, he explained he didn't get notified by skype and that it was a facebook call! WTH!	bug report
So far so good, I'll post more as I play	irrelevant information
Great security and quick	irrelevant information
Use it for marching band, very easy to use	irrelevant information
Only because I can't receive the code I need to update the app which is vital for me to be able to progress further in life	bug report
Bad waste of memory	irrelevant information
Cool app 💯✌	irrelevant information
The app is very useful. I use my online class.	irrelevant information
The only original thing about GroupMe, its meme creator, has been completely ruined thanks to some back end update. Gone are the ways to easily edit what you just wrote or use Enter to position and size the text so it looks right over your photo, replaced by two ghost boxes that entered text cannot be directly edited within or use use Enter to change text size. Well done, GroupMe. You're now even more worse than the far superior Slack.	feature request
Can't use it in multi-window or popup view anymore. That's ridiculous	bug report
I can't open the to read my messages	bug report
Tough No	irrelevant information
So good app but have issue of voice👌	bug report
Sometimes I don't get messages if it's really active.	bug report
It's pretty cool	irrelevant information
Not sure about this app. I haven't used it much.	irrelevant information
Can't do what I did before. Previously, it was intuitive. Don't need all the bells and whistles.	feature request
Nice 👍 App social integration and communication.	irrelevant information
I love discord people are so kind there and a nice dev helped me out	irrelevant information
Worse than before the update. The UI is bad annoying. It's slow and sluggish, even for a Web-app. Because of this generally, I don't use Discord much and prefer platforms like Telegram.	feature request
My current problem with the app is I can't send pictures or videos anymore.	bug report
Not able to text or call anyone. New to discord so this isnt very impressive lol.	bug report
Can not get calls when someone calls your number, I have never been able too receive one no matter how hard my son tries.	bug report
Installed, saw the reviews about the ads literally disrupting your entire experience, and since I was going to use this for business, noped right out and uninstalled. I'll be taking chances elsewhere	irrelevant information
The app is fine and everything but why does it take a subscription to change your profile????	feature request
IT'S OK I GUESS FOR A SPARE LINE IF I LOSE MY IPHONE	irrelevant information
This used to be a really good application, great way to keep in touch with friends and have it sync to your games. As of late the app seems to be going downhill, the latest update completely revamped the look of the application. Its now much more clunky and non intuitive, you can't open discord via the notif bar without the channel view breaking the app entirely. Every update released lately seems to be mostly for those paying the annual 100 dollar fee	bug report
App works mostly well, but there is a bug with "upgrading" from Boost plans to Nitro plans, where you will be charged for it hut the payment fails. I got refunded, but the solution (after a week of back and forth with tech support) is "wait a month, and then try to resubscribe with the plan you want". Frustrating to deal with.	bug report
New UI is absolutely horrible and feels clunky and unnatural to use, no clue why they decided to change what was working completely fine	feature request
It is the worst thing ever	irrelevant information
Good for people who dont have service to call	irrelevant information
Fix your boosts, any time i purchase boosts i get an error yet you take my money and I can't even use my boosts, keeps saying i dont have it	bug report
Does not port over contacts. Search function never finds name or number	bug report
Didnt work I called and other people called me but it didnt ring or do anything	bug report
Why Skype is getting slower day by day. My Manager sent me a message & its showing notification prompt after 3 days. Overall its getting slow 🐌	bug report
What I find absolutely ridiculous is that after using this app for years, you changed the function of this app to where I can't receive verification codes unless I pay something like $6 a week? The reason I downloaded this is because it was paid for by the ads that I saw. Now all the accounts that I have from instagram, facebook among all the others, I can't get into these accounts unless I get a verification code using my phone app. I have to pay for this now? It's the bait n switch.	feature request
It's great for hanging with my friends!! But for some reason when I hop on a game if kicks me out of the call sometimes don't know if it is discord just thought Id mention that.	bug report
Sometimes it echos n u can't hear.	bug report
App constantly has issues, cannot edit anything and I need this app for	bug report
This app is a total rubbish. I haven't been frustrated the way I am today when I tried connecting to a conference call. It doesn't deserve a star at all. And, yes today is my first day of making conference calls with it...	bug report
Forced subscription	irrelevant information
Skype is very nice messenger but from few Days I Facing Screen Sharing problem Please solve Screen Sharing Problem	bug report
Honestly this app its OK I would rate it more but every time I make a call after a minute or 2 it hangs up and I have to recall. If that gets fixed I will for sure rate this app a 5 out of 5	bug report
my main issue is this latest update. why are my private messages at the bottom? i hate it. and it gets harder and harder to log out of one account and log in to the next one. i wish there was an easy option for switching accounts like there is on desktop. i feel like there used to be and it got removed.	feature request
I'm facing lot of lagging with the app since downloaded the recent version, before it was smooth now it's getting hang. Pls do the needful	bug report
I cant seem to send pictures .. thats why i downloaded it and nothing	bug report
The latest update of the app that splits it in separate menus is incredibly bad UI/UX. On top of that the app is becoming slower with each update. I am considering entirely uninstalling from my phone, because I dread looking up notifications knowing that my flagship phone will not be sufficient to use the app properly. This used to be a messenger app with some neat functions and is gradually turning into a marketplace.	feature request
Can be more better. Sometimes my phone stops working when I open skype. Video can be more better too!	bug report
Idk why but discord is crashing for me??? It would let me either go to another channel in a server or go to my dms. I'm stuck in this one channel and can't leave!! It also disconnects me from call and crashes This is before and after the update as well. It's not fixed or better??? Edit: I had to log out and back in to work anything. What?????	bug report
Great app for our life group to communicate with.	irrelevant information
More than half the time Skype won't leave any notification or make any	bug report
I don't like the new Ui. The old one is bett5 and easier to navigate.	feature request
Discontinuing sms support 👎	irrelevant information
Discords most recent update has actually made accessibility worse with eye straining themes and the performance issues are incredibly frustrating. The app now lags and hangs when it was fine before the update. The classic dark mode was less harmful on my eyes. This update feels like discords pushing away from chat rooms and more like a social media service which isnt what I want.	feature request
So someone can text me at 8:30 but I want recieve it til 10 15 30 min later !	feature request
Can't make or receive calls already uninstalled and reinstalled and still nothing. I've tired this on several devices and same thing.	bug report
So recently my friend has tried to text me and I can only see my messages I can't see my friends messages	bug report
Ive been using this app almost two years now but ive encountered connecting problems, it keeps disconnecting me while im in the middle of a convo and doesnt allow me to share my video during calls, sharesscreen also suddenly freezes. This all happens despite of me having a good internet connection. It just appears and becoming annoying.	bug report
Every time I open the app it constantly closes, it's really irritating because I can't text anyone back.	bug report
Its ok i just have issues with it sometimes	bug report
It's to much storage used	irrelevant information
It helps a lot with School Ty 😊	irrelevant information
Bad app Can't login 🗑 🚮	bug report
This app used to be good, now it won't ever work right.	bug report
Good for calls and messaging only but unable to use any other apps or the web. Data should be able to use internet features butbjt doesn't.	feature request
Why does skype freeze on opening app?	bug report
On windows certainly better than on Android. Sure, functionality is the same. And yet, on Android I miss every message or call unless I have the app open just when the call/message comes in. Some internet discussions suggest to use automation. Sadly this only can keep an app active in the background if your device is rooted.	bug report
It works fine I mainly use it for after school meetings and stuff	irrelevant information
This app is ridiculous every single time I try to make a call it says that I have HD quality connection and drops the call within 30 seconds I can try 15 times in a row and all it does is chew up the minutes I have to make calls	bug report
I have changed my review because it has locked me out of 2 accounts and it's really annoying me now and now I can't even use my phone for my account...	bug report
I got groomed by a 71 year old guy posing as a 16 year old girl when I was 14.	irrelevant information
Bad updates and changes	feature request
My favourite messaging app. Way nicer than WhatsApp and I know my data is protected while using it too.	irrelevant information
Absolutely great so many features	irrelevant information
I use Discord all the time. The overface is not good. Plus, this last update its keeping from using the voice chat. It's gotten worse in just a day. Can'tt even send pictures	bug report
Keeps forcing close fixxxx	bug report
In tough times this app is a lifesaver	irrelevant information
Boycotting apps by Sweden	irrelevant information
Uses alot of RAM,delayed messages sometimes and also call quality sucks 50% of the time	bug report
Great app... but lots of dropped calls	bug report
It's still the best audio and text chat app but the newest UI update was clearly done to justify someone's job. Why did the ability to search other channels go away? Why are DMs not a channel and instead displayed in the same UI way as a setting? It's incoherent. Never mind inexplicable lag in voice channel updates vs the desktop program.	feature request
Why dont u get the update option ...my phn still have old skype but i couldn't see the update option in play store ...why this happened ?	bug report
Johsell bughao	bug report
Its very good snd it link me with freiends	irrelevant information
change the mobile UI back	feature request
Good for my high school softball team	irrelevant information
New ui changes suck, very poor experience chatting with friends	feature request
I don't appreciate the new update(im on mobile). Discord was way easier to use when we didn't have all the buttons on the bottom. Kindly change it.	feature request
Notifications and messages work well. Have had some issues with it showing notifications for messages I've already seen but not a nuisance by any means	bug report
As of version 4.16.9 or so, Signal removed your ability to get your SMSs, MSMs, and associated media files out of Signal. You can create encrypted backups, but they provide no tool to help you get anything useful out of the backup. The former CEO/developer stated on Github that if you want such a thing you should write it yourself. So, basically they've created a walled garden. Beware.	bug report
This is a very good aap .	irrelevant information
italicize, recolor text in your chat	feature request
Everything is goin quite well but everytime I try and change my servers pfp it doesn't change No gif nor image so pls fix that	bug report
Recent update is trash, UI didn't need to be changed and app is constantly crashing. I just now tried to open it multiple times and it won't load at all, when it was fine earlier today.	bug report
Discord is my go to chat app but each update just gets worse. I hope they change it back.	feature request
so far so good. very happy as of right now.	irrelevant information
The new update is horrible, the app feels really slow and lags is very annoying	bug report
Sometimes messages don't go through but it's pretty good for big groups	bug report
I really don't see the problem with the Ui, as i use this daily without issues.	irrelevant information
Absolute garbage. Nothing more needs to be said.	irrelevant information
I dont always get the right spelling corections	bug report
This app very very slow.	bug report
Works. You just need to ensure some ads.	irrelevant information
Vc is always broken and poor quality.	bug report
needs to be removed.	feature request
Not had notifications for over a month, I have a ticket open with support but issue is still not resolved, everything on my end is as it should be to receive them, I just don't	bug report
they keep updating to make the mobile app unusable. no one can see server members, and the font keeps changing. these updates just seem out of left field and are shittily done	feature request
For text formatting, I should be able to get the options when I select the words.	feature request
Beware that Signal is developed by people that love to decide exacty how you should do things, with zero pragmatic thinking. Don't get used to it! The app won't work unless you update it every three months and they may remove any functionality at random. Backups are regularly broken. It used to be able to work as the default messaging app on Android, by sending Signal messages to other Signal users and traditional text messages to non-Signal users but this feature was removed.	feature request
Going to throw a fit. Every single time I open a chat, it's a dozen messages up and I have to scroll down. If I switch to something else and back to that same chat, it's scrolled back UP AGAIN AND I HAVE TO SCROLL DOWN, AGAIN.	bug report
I have been very impressed with the Signal applications on Android and the Windows 10 desktop program.	irrelevant information
Came with 0 minutes 😢	irrelevant information
Some times it cuts my conversation off but otherwise it's a good app!	bug report
Terrible update. Ever since the whole layout change was brought in, the app is littered with bugs everywhere. I can't receive messages until I actually open the app, phone calls don't ring either until I'm actually in the app? I mean, the whole point of having notifications is when your out of the app and something pops in, you should get notified. I had to download Skype classic for my laptop to rectify this, unfortunately the phone doesn't seem to have a similar alternative. I'd give it less than 1 star if I could.	bug report
I still believe that Signal is a must-have, but I am really disappointed at the decision to stop supporting unsecured SMS. The developers seem to be more interested in feeling smart than making smart decisions for the app.	feature request
Just stopped working. Even sent emails. To resolve the issue. Nit a single reply from signal. Disappointing	bug report
I love Discord! It's such a good way to interact and communicate with all of my favorite YouTube creators as well as connecting with gamers. Wish there were better options for stickers free or if purchasing though. Isn't it really time for a developer to upgrade those by now? I mean graphics are super advanced now so why not surprise your users?	feature request
The phone is pretty terrible even though I have an excellent connection, but the text is fine.	bug report
You don't even know if you got a text message you have to keep checking because it's no sound and you try to open up notifications and da screen is black that's crazy please fix	bug report
This stuff works	irrelevant information
Why would you make an app less accessible? The new update has made navigating the app unnecessarily convoluted.	feature request
I never installed this app	irrelevant information
I've used discord before and have never faced this problem. yesterday I created a new discord account and I started verifying it. it asked for my email and that went pretty smoothly and then it asked me to verify my phone number and that's when it got complicated. I changed the country code from US to UK and put in my number but then it said 'you have an ultra rare issue' or something like that. so I kept trying again and it still wouldn't work. I tried using the app instead but it won't work.	bug report
Samsung S23, this app is crashing (freezing) a lot. I have to log back in for my pending messages to send. Trying to start a topic just doesn't work sometimes. Happens frequently	bug report
Couldn't do it, not free	irrelevant information
I have used Discord for years and loved it! I have used it more than any other messenging app. But this new UI update is the worst thing they have done. I get that they're trying new things, but why get rid of the ability to toggle back to the old layout that I love? I know it was there just a couple of months ago, and now it's gone! I HATE this new UI and now I am trapped in it. WHY??!	feature request
This app is great the only problem I have is when I start texting and a new ad pops up it stops my typing or it will erase my message	bug report
When I used groupme on my iPhone, I never had problems. Heard of others having probs but I never did. I switched to android for the first time and... lemme tell you, it's a different experience. It's quite a joke actually. I miss half the messages (says I already read them), it randomly decides that I didn't read any messages since a few months ago so if I want to open up a group to see today's messages, I have to scroll down for a couple minutes 😳. WHYYYYYYY?	bug report
Please imrove the video call quality experience	feature request
So cool and easy has been a lifesaver during the pandemic	irrelevant information
I'm sure this is just a fluke. Never got to use it. Signed up then went to use it for the first time and my about was disabled for violating TOS. Never even used it before! I'm not going to answer 20 questions to appeal. Uninstall was only one button. But for all you others - be happy!! :)	bug report
New layout sucks, bring back the old one. Switching servers feels clunky. Searching has been made difficult to do. The app feels more awkward to navigate. Sharing between servers now needs you to go back to edit the post. Cleaner does not always equal better when you add steps for people to do things.	feature request
Fills the inbox with spam daily. It would be way better if it worked with Bluetooth for calls as a tablet only has a speaker. Also I wish it could go on my lock screen like my Gmail app does. The signature options a joke. It pastes it in the text box before you type so you end up having to delete your sig before you can type a message. All and all its a really poorly coded app. I don't think they care about how it runs or works as long as people download it so they can steal your private information and spam you to death. It's sad really because it could be a good app but the maker just wants money more then he wants to code a good solid product	bug report
I echo everyone else, in that the app used to show notifications, and now it no longer does for me. I have to randomly check the app to see if I have any messages, which is a pain, and I n often miss time sensitive messages because of this flaw.	bug report
Neat, could be better and have nice UI and options but aside from that, pretty ok.	feature request
Only one problem, I DONT HAVE A PHONE, HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO VERIFY MY ACC	bug report
Where's textfree with voice we want what ios has not fair ill give a better rateing wheb I c textfree with voice...	feature request
I bought 10 dollars worth of minutes 2x and its still showing i have 0 minutes!!! Ridiculous!	bug report
It's a handy app and you can't beat that for the most part it's Free. I keep getting notifications that my account has not been updated with more money.This is no accident,I only wanted it for one week the first time and y'all took 20.00 instead of 6.99.Im not happy about it at all and now I don't trust you.	bug report
An inportant call would get dropped from trying to send an image over bluetooth or opening the browser, sometimes would even just crash on its own. Looking into an alternative if it continues.	bug report
It's good , but at times rlly laggy	bug report
Well i just called a friend tryed call back half hr later says call rejected i even tryed different numbers says the same thing	bug report
awesome app appreciate it so much.	irrelevant information
Great that I get 60mins Skype to mobile calls free with MS 365 subscription	irrelevant information
It's fine for texting.  When calling it becomes questionable.  The other thing I don't like when calling is when you need to press a number to get to a certain department like your bank or bill update, it doesn't work.  I also wrote whether I can use this app alongside my regular carrier phone connection. I received no reply. Overall for texting it seems to work pretty good.	bug report
I wish I could add more than one picture at a time, like in an album. Sometimes my pictures don't load and post.	feature request
calls may not connect properly. The person calling me can't hear me. This	bug report
Good and discreet	irrelevant information
love it work well ok thanks so much how many time do this app $ every month just asking i had to fix my 🌟 my kids on my phone sorry but the all 🌟 my love this app	irrelevant information
this is not free 4.99 per month	bug report
Skype was working fine before, but now it crashes seconds within using it, rendering the app useless.	bug report
ive never used a worser app than this exremely terrible please fix it... I was using an older version of the app and it worked flawlessly upon updating it, it began to misbehave. I am unable to send or reply chats in a meeting room the send buttons literally freeze also the app sometimes freeze when scrolling in a group call and also i had to delete and download an older version	bug report
can't verify things with it	bug report
I like it but it keeps showing that I'm on and active when I only come on check my messages thats the only time which is at night so not very satisfied with the app.	bug report
I love it and it works really great	irrelevant information
Best free secure messaging app	irrelevant information
Absolutely love the app would have five stars more if I could if there was not a delay when you're talking to someone the few second delay makes you talk over the other person the other person try to talk over you very complicated to talk other than that greatest app ever was	feature request
I couldn't find my cell phone for 2days. I heard of this service, I downloaded the app, made my important phone call and Bam! It went thru, no problems. Thank you for this free service. My next call will be to my cell phone. Maybe I will find it, if not..I still have you. Lol	irrelevant information
Guessing the Discord Dev Team motto is "If it ain't broke, break it" because they took a perfectly functional app and introduced a bunch of bugs that weren't there at all for years. Now the chat randomly jumps around from new messages, trying to change a server profile can either show the wrong server or it'll keep taking you off the page while you try to edit it, and images randomly don't save anymore. It's frustrating. Please fix this mess. Update: It got worse. Replies are broken.	bug report
Won't download emojis. Also won't allow me to send messages over wifi, only over 4g	bug report
It's really good but it's sad that you can't even send videos over 59 seconds 😕	feature request
I don't like being bullied into having to pay for receiving certain text message. So on top of the ads that you get paid revenue for I can't get a simple code without compromising my main number? sucks!!!!!	feature request
update as of jan 2024: app still is garbage. Every single update actively makes the app worse and harder to use. Out of everything, it's genuinely impressive how the staff at discords ability is to take something that was good and functional, and turn it into an overdesigned crapshow. The only reason i still use discord is because i havent installed a different messenger client yet.	feature request
Went from 5 to 2 stars. The new update looks bad, sooo bad. Nope nope nope. Messenger wannabe and the color and font are just so ugly.	feature request
It kinda sux.. sometimes the typing area doesn't show and u have to reload the app	bug report
Not happy with the calling it is very spotty meaning it has poor reception in most places.	bug report
Just got it so I ain't sure	irrelevant information
It works nicely, however I would like it to be able to send to other apps, at this time I cannot find a way to do. Hopefully the update will have away to do this!	feature request
I have a Samsung j5 paying the skype number phone.. but when someone leave a message on the invoice it simply doesn't work.. in a modern Samsung phone it work perfectly because the skype app is very different.. so.. it means that developers give priority to rich people instead to everyone! ..	bug report
Excellent for a WiFi connected Phone / TXT'ing app.	irrelevant information
While on a call, my phone vibrates the entire time. The person on the other line cannot hear it, but it doesn't ever stop.	bug report
I rarely leave reviews but this latest overhaul of discord is a complete downgrade. Where to begin? Extra steps to get between private messages and public servers. Swiping to the left doesn't bring up the person list (it forces you to reply if you swiped over a message). On PC its setting statuses for me without asking me first! And then there are a slew of basic functions that are broken, or not working properly! Revert changes, or let us choose changes in the settings and options menu! PLEASE	bug report
awesome i have no sim and i am using it	irrelevant information
used to love discord, but forcing android users into the react native app is untenable. can't update past version 126.21 until it's fixed (and no, it's still not fixed yet).	bug report
Voice channels seem to drop after a couple minutes with the screen off, and when on the DM screen sent and received messages won't show until I close and reopen the app	bug report
Ever imagined of the perfect app? Well, here it is.	irrelevant information
AMAZING I love it because it is ezz to navigate and use I love it For 23 years	irrelevant information
Let's go robotics team	irrelevant information
Apart from a very short breakdown of speech, very clear and audible.	irrelevant information
signal not clear	bug report
I did like Signal, but to only learn today from a random in app notif that SMS is going away is horrible. Signal should be more up front with this info. Now I'm scrambling to save data because this info is 3+ months old and there's no official removal date. That's terrible customer communication, I won't tolerate an app that doesnt respect me enough to keep me in the loop appropriately. Good luck Signal, liked the idea but I won't be forced to convert users for you. Do that with your actions.	feature request
Why we cannot use video calls for a month now? What happened? Pls fixed it	bug report
ive been using discord for years and my experience has been mostly positive! however, with the most recent update i cant save changes to my profile picture or banner? i do not see a save button at all and im wondering if this is something others are experiencing or not. i do hope this gets fixed because i tend to change my profile picture often. i even re-installed the app and it will not let me save it no matter what.	feature request
This app is awsome and all except for one major thing about it when your not on your phone for a couple of days or dont use the app for a couple days it makes you have to use a different number and all the people on contacts dont know who you are when you text or call them. This app would be a lot better if it didnt make you have to get a new number all the time.	feature request
Ard to cgo fast	bug report
New version does not carry over your access permissions for the Camera and Gallery, nor it pops them up for you to set when you try posting. So if you get "failed to send message" whenever you try and post the image go to your phone's app settings and add permissions manually to access them.	bug report
Great app but one problem sometimes there is way too many ads	bug report
I had previously rated Signal 5 stars. It was the perfect app to replace Samsung's SMS Messages app. I could encrypted message with those that had it and text those that didn't. It was great. Now they are removing SMS support, because "people who really care about security don't use SMS." I've had to re-install Messages. What a bummer.	feature request
No notification popped up! Even after uninstall and reinstall the apps. How to resolve?	bug report
I have used this app for years and it is just starting to give me problems with these updates and ads. I understand that bills need to be paid, and to keep it free for all to enjoy. But the ads don't have to be so in your face, taking up the whole screen at times, I'm trying to type to someone. I know Walmart exists,I know stores/websites exists, the tiny banner was good enough, I don't need the commericials too.The ads are the biggest culprit to the freezing of this app on my particular phone.	bug report
I don't like that only 30 days without use your number gets re assigned	feature request
Good sound quality	irrelevant information
New update is so backwards and bad. How did they not save a back up of their old version to just revert it?	feature request
It's functional at times, but absolutely frustrating otherwise. I can no longer send gifs from my gallery as of date. This, and at one point, I was completely unable to see gifs or reactions (there would just be words like 'sad' or 'heart' beneath photos, and if I wanted to send a reaction of my own, I would have to guess where the Emojis were, as not even the words were visible). It's not a perfect app, clearly, but seeing as I can call and text, it serves its main function.	bug report
very very very bad	bug report
I liked this app until it stopped working. My husband isn't receiving any of the texts I sent him and I'm not receiving any of his. Pls fix it!!	bug report
Can not log in to the App	bug report
its cool but it had a erra something	bug report
shamoney	irrelevant information
For the last few days I failed to sign in on both mobile pc	bug report
Automatic account logout	bug report
I can't recover the number that I paid for I've tried logging out and logging in from another device because I no longer have access to the phone that I paid for the number for a year I guess and I can log into that phone number from my new phone how can I accomplish transferring the number to my new device. I cancelled my subscription. Sorry 😒	bug report
It's a great app but I was signed out. Nothing that I do is working.	bug report
This app is amazing! I also have the app version on my laptop, and there are no ads!	irrelevant information
Really good app but I would recommend less ads	feature request
Excellent thanks though having problem sending messages to my contacts right now. Don't know why. Would be grateful for any help.	bug report
Useless! I cannot use the number on Whatsapp	irrelevant information
Issue faced with Australian number registered on Skype. None of my clients are able to contact me on this.	bug report
There should be sttared messages option.	feature request
Have to upgrade to get verification texts.	feature request
Hi absolute garbage. Pick a number, text someone. It tells you the number is deactivated, please pick another. Pick another numbet, same issue. OVER and over and over. Skip it	bug report
Delayed at times and don't send all your messages but it was very mostly reliable with a wifi signal. It's helpful and was all I had for a min so I appreciate the app and it's developers.	irrelevant information
Settings make the divice misbehave. Security...Nill	bug report
We use this app for work and I love it	irrelevant information
Awful. I can't establish any meaningful experiences from people who only want me to give them money. Not having a serious relationship. SMH.	irrelevant information
It's free calls and messages what more can you ask for you , a drug addicts dream	irrelevant information
After some years of using this service. I paid minutes that have not been used all of them. And all of a sudden my line shows disconnected. My phone # keeps changing. And no one has gotten back to me regarding the problem. I already reported to support. And it's been a few days now and no response regarding the problem.	bug report
It started last night when my txt messages wouldn't go thru. I logged out and now it won't let me log back in. Fix this problem because I work through this and I have contacts that call and txt me thru that number. I wouldn't want to uninstall this app.	bug report
sad they got rid of SMS	feature request
The back arrows backs you back to home screen. Please bring it back	feature request
Would be a five star if it had a FaceTime feature	feature request
This is a financial data thief.	irrelevant information
Guys, what happened, discord was fantastic, it's the only way I talk to my friends. The new update isn't just bad stylistically, it also just doesn't work. The new way to switch between DMs and channels is so low on the screen that it overlaps with the basic navigation buttons. Everytime I try to DM someone I exit the app. I know you won't change it back, but please at least fix it.	feature request
This app just has too many ads. The app itself is pretty nice.	irrelevant information
Shame on it. Its a very bad and worthapp in the world. It doesn't work. I have an account but it s a very awesome app and make me angry when i have a job and want to login	bug report
Very bad ... The g meet links are not opening 'unable to open link ' is being shown after update .... I had to backdate the app to do my class that is very hectic. Please fix this ... If i open them through skype the installation page is being shown .... Please fix ....	bug report
The new update is terrible, please revert, at least on mobile, it is less practical then before. The new graphics are fine but thr way you access things are annoying compared to before.	feature request
Finally updated to newer version after using older APK, working well so far	bug report
The new UI doesn't fit on my Pixel 8 pro screen properly. The top and bottom buttons are outside of the tappable area on my screen. Settings button is under the icon for battery percentage. Can't change anything without the ability to press those buttons.	bug report
I am trying to login to my account from a different device, but won't let me.	bug report
Would rate 0 stars just for the new layout change and the fact that we cant go back to the original. It's clunky, takes more inputs to get where I want, and is overall completely unnecessary. Bring back the old UI	feature request
You should add features where we can send music and ringtones from our phones to friends then ill five star it and fix the calling as well people can't hear me most the time.	feature request
New changes to the mobile app are terrible. While I think the new ui is fine, the new updates made the mobile app nearly unusable to me. I'm no longer getting notifications on time, and it has a delay in showing my posts which has caused me to make double posts, and on.	feature request
Seems to work fine	irrelevant information
I use this app very frequently. It's saying my number has been inactive. What's going on?	bug report
Love love love this app! I use it for many different groups - family, work, neighbors, church. Highly recommend it.	irrelevant information
Works most of the time but does have its problems	bug report
Good app for talking	irrelevant information
update didn't fix this problem either.	bug report
This is text message on steroids. It has a lot of features you can't get on other message apps. Some of the features are being able edit a message you already sent. Being able to send a voice message. Another option is being able to highlight words on your message by making the words bold, Italic, or strike through. All that plus superior security. The only weak point is that not many people use this app.	feature request
Can no longer send SMS and you can only choose one default message app on your phone. So, it's really frustrating. Bye signal.	bug report
Shockingly slow. Skype used to be ok. Now it is too slow to use.	bug report
How come you have to be in the u.s. just to send a picture	feature request
Good when everything	irrelevant information
Skype is getting worst after every update, to slow to load all contacts, messages.	bug report
Nice that it's free, has few bugs tho. If I get calls it never rings just says missed call, or ppl suddenly cant hear me on a call. While texting my texts don't always send, ill think they did, than see later they are still trying to send.. which has caused some issues with communication. While it's nice app it isn't reliable like one would expect, and the adds ..... the friggin adds...	bug report
it's fine and the quality is weird and ya it has so many adds and why do you have to have minutes it's annoying	irrelevant information
Best option for extra "throw away" number over wifi imo!	irrelevant information
What a buggy mess. Stay away from Skype because it's just broken, and it keeps on being broken. Their updates fix a thing while ruining 5 others.	bug report
Have to use it for work but Jeeze fix notifications I can't change it from default to something less annoying and vibe only is a battery drain.	bug report
I found the text free app to work well. I like the freedom to choose whatever number I want from a list of available numbers. The ability to watch a short video to get minutes to use the phone instead of text only is a plus. I have found myself in spots before where I didn't have a working phone and text free allowed me to still be able to reach someone to offer aid and assistance.	feature request
It's a good app just needs better minigames	feature request
Unfortunately, I have to use this because of work. It is sooo slow and exasperating, so different to the desktop app. I wish I could uninstall it.	bug report
Good for group chats. Sucks that it allows for random spam with no way of deleting spam messages.	feature request
Skype can't be used at tsblet with wifi and no data? Why in thats the case it isnt one word in description!	feature request
This app is awesome i have no issues with the app	irrelevant information
I had problems installing it but did so over the Internet (legally don't worry) and it's extremely good for communication and hangout i can talk to friends meet people with the same interest as me and I can always know when my favourite streamers are live though their discord servers. There are also cool projects and rp's and something for every fandom. I love it	irrelevant information
Seems these numbers are being used by spammers. When I tried to use the number to open an account the number was instantly blocked for previous spam activity. I had gotten a membership from text free that I had to cancel because the number is unusable to me. It cancels at the end of the billing period so they got a months worth of payment out of me. What a waste of money and an undeserved high rating.	bug report
Do not get this if you need to ever make or receive a call with it,even with top notch wifi it only allows you enough time to shout out a few words( I'm one,get milk,I'm dying etc...etc...)text works well	bug report
yes I like is TextNow app Think you so much	irrelevant information
The message history SEARCH feature is almost useless. Could only search for the first word of a message. Dont see any improvement for over a year	feature request
Upgrade like a real phone	irrelevant information
to many Pop ups, very slow	bug report
Great service very secure.	irrelevant information
I paid then you close my accout, why?	bug report
Skype video calling is fine, the UI is tremendously bad. Very difficult to see who of your contacts is online, if you can find your contacts in the first place.	feature request
I have had a big issue with discord calls for a couple months. I mainly have discord on mobile. When ever I get on a call the audio does not connect to my earbuds. It only goes to speaker. I have tried everything. Restarted my phone, updating the phone and app, disconnected bluetooth, everything. It's very frustrating that this keeps happening, I can't talk with my friends as much as I want to anymore.	bug report
The bandwidth patrol annoys me it always disconnect me every 3 minutes i thought this inly works in a destop. Im using my phone and it still disconnects m every 3 minutes	bug report
Most of time login issue 😞d	bug report
its so annoying...for some reason on my android it keeps showing the login screen at random times....like even as i type this review, the login screen showed up and disappeared...like what the heck????	bug report
Group me is user friendly. It's convenient. It allows my entire chapter to stay in contact and communicate very easily. Kudos.	irrelevant information
Good app that saved me when having SIM card issues, but why in 2 days did this app rack up 8 GB in Background Data Usage?! Please Reply	feature request
Don't have one	bug report
Sometime it mess's up most of its good	bug report
Trash + Trash = Signal	feature request
incoming calls dont ring and cant set a ringtone so what's the point to have a number with them?	bug report
have Wi-Fi and my data on	irrelevant information
Channels not loading properly and instead showing a whole different server's channel than the one you're attempting to read. New messages not loading, missing messages even. I've hopped onto my PC to find messages in a thread that aren't there when looking on my phone, posted images not displaying properly, etc. There are many and they just continue to increase, rather than get patched. EDIT: No a different WiFi (or data) connection doesn't change this issue. I'm not the only one with the bugs 2	bug report
Since the update i couldnt have send photos at all. Photos can be sent but it just isnt loading. Please fix this problem	bug report
Suggestions: 1.Video call should have an independent pop-out rather than just the bubble. 2. Auto accept call for a specific person, having this feature would be really great for long distance relationships like me and my gf always video call during the night or sleep and we sometimes accidentally end the call while asleep. (The 2nd feature should be consensual)	feature request
I've been using discord for 2 years and it is such a good app to talk to your friends and join fandom servers! And when I open the app I always have no bugs or laggy stuff it is a wonderful app! My one and only problem with it is the toxic community but I'm not gonna let That ruin me lol	feature request
The app updates too much and then it doesn't work half the time , until you fix it I will not give it a five star rate !Please fix the problems with it ,thanks!😔	bug report
Love it Very good app I get to talk with my lovely friend	irrelevant information
When chatting it don't drop calls like other apps do.	bug report
Love texts but run out of minutes a lot	feature request
Signal must add two more feature like whatsapp One is last seen and typing indicator in chat Which help peoples to see when their love ones are online??	feature request
Great with videos	irrelevant information
Good for being sketchy.. 😆No way to delete entire call history or select multiple calls to delete at once, plus you have to confirm every single one .....	feature request
It is ok let me try	irrelevant information
Been working good with the new update only problem I'm having is I clock to enlarge a picture and it goes blank to a black screen it's ok though I can still see the picture b4 clicking it	bug report
New update is full of bugs and very unresponsive.	bug report
I love this app.! Works great all the time!	irrelevant information
Calls are dropped and they are not clear.	bug report
Signal has never let me down. Thank goodness its not part of Facebook!	irrelevant information
I do not hv an option to delete my messages, why?	feature request
Pls work on the app Msg are not delivered at the time when the sender send it And also make the size of the emojies small as it was there in the previous update. I hope u guys work on my queries and will fix all the bugs regarding this . Thank u	bug report
Keeps force closing..screen goes white great app please fix	bug report
On the T	feature request
I don't receive calls , it just says I missed a call	bug report
I cannot edit my Profile... All's good now	bug report
Is it possable to add amazon music in the connections that would be great!	feature request
A recent update seems to have broken this app. I cannot send messages on my phone anymore. The send button doesn't do anything. Checked it again in 2024. Still broken. Mobile app is completely unusable.	bug report
You are just like whatsapp forcing updates.	feature request
Why does everyone not get access on Bing Chat?	irrelevant information
there's a glitch with the speaker... recently I was able to switch between speaker and headsets (with headphones in) but when I have my headphones in the speaker button just disappears and I have to end the call and call back in order to use the speaker	bug report
Not working since yesterday. I'm not able to see any message or update. I've uninstalled and installed again. But issue continues.	bug report
At least it's "free" that's why it's gets one star. To say the least it's very buggy and scratchy on both ends when you call someone. Service drops with great wifi. There's no message notifications and when people call there's no ringing. So I've literally missed important calls.You literally have to go into the app to see if anyone did. And that's after unnecessary amount of ads pop up. They want to pay for the "good stuff". But if that's all you get. I would imploy you to use a different app.	bug report
Good communication for mom's of active children	irrelevant information
Stop changing the user interface, just when im used to the one then they	feature request
The only thing I don't like it don't show when who you communicated is active or not	feature request
Can't transfer the account to the new iPhone as it's stuck with connecting page...	bug report
It keeps deleting my account and saying I violated the terms in the agreement but I haven't violated anything ! I submitted an appeal and haven't heard anything back ! Every time I make a new account with a different email it says the samething ! Why is this happening ??	bug report
Please discord fix your notifications because sometimes I'm not even getting it.	bug report
can't understand, always send s msg they need feedback. Why??	bug report
The new layout was labelled as an improvement, yet it only brought us more trouble. Instead of trying to reinvent the wheel for the umpteenth time, I would rather have actual user feedback implemented, such as making the video call button and the like less easy to missclick, fixing that annoying layout bug where images are not displayed correctly and preventing video audio from turning into static. This is not an improvement. I want an app I use because I like it, not because I have to.	feature request
super laggy, buggy and slow 😡👎	bug report
The removed the ability to send messages to peoe who dont have signal. This defeats the whole purpose of having this as my main messaging app. Just deleted it. Sad to watch this app die.	bug report
Sometimes gets stuck loading indefinitely, but overall a good app	bug report
really cool,not offline so...they should fix that	feature request
The app keeps lagging and getting glitchy. because you guys are putting up so many commercials and ads while you're trying to send a message or make a call. I paid for minutes on the app, it does not work well.	bug report
Can't send text. Made a call and had to listen to a 60 sec commercial with lots of static once it finally connected. In response to their reply, I was trying to use this till I got a phone, because of not being able to use this app I had to purchase a extra phone and no longer intend to use it but thanks for the reply	bug report
Unic	bug report
Good services without disturbing.	irrelevant information
I am using skype for long time but thos time after changing my smartphone to oneplus 9r. I cannot hear sound while playing the audio or video files shared with me. Can you help please?	bug report
In of	feature request
This app is always on time Download now.	irrelevant information
I am done donating to Signal... You just rug pulled your users by disabling texting. Not cool. You could have at least released an alternative products prior to rug pulling everyone... Been with you for a long time, since the days of text Secure....	bug report
I just got the update! It's terrible! Biggest gripes: 1) Swipe to reply replaces functionality to swipe left to see members of the server. I've never used swipe to reply in any app and I never will. 2) Servers and DMs separated from each other on completely different screens for seemingly no reason at all. Number of taps & swipes to get to a DM is unchanged. Just inconvenient for those who got used to the old app or the PC layout. I'll probably install an old version while I can.	feature request
Great app overall. The default notifications can be a lot of you are on a busy server, but this can be fixed by adjusting one's settings.	irrelevant information
Very nice and cool	irrelevant information
I have noticed in the last few days I haven't been able to find my yellow emojis. It's now blank where they used to be. What happened? I want them back!!!	bug report
new updates ruined everything, i cant figure out where things go and why everything looks so soft. swiping right used to show who was online but now it just forces you to reply, might switch to Instagram for texting	feature request
Dad got taken off of my phone due to a virus and I'm trying to get it back but downloading isn't responding for me.	bug report
breaks down too often	bug report
your face blaring. Otherwise it's a good app.	irrelevant information
Can't send pictures sometimes, just keeps waiting then errors. The progress bar keeps moving until force close app. Web interface needs responsive design. Search function inadequate.	bug report
Notifications from this app are late or missing since Android Pie	bug report
The new discord update is absolutely miserable. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because visually it's a step up from before. But I've experienced issues that completely ruins the app for me. I can't hear anything in calls, it doesnt show anyone talking in calls however I can hear soundboards just fine. I also have issues with my messages not sending despite them clearly showing the message has sent.	bug report
I like the app . it's really good . but some times you don't get your notifications.	feature request
Do not install or Doesn't get installed. I gave my number for OTP log in for the past 2 days and still i have not got the OTP message at all. Checked in spam folder but couldn't see one, then tried calling option for OTP and that too doesn't work. Hence i wouldn't recommend this app at all any one who is trying to install.	bug report
GroupMe has been degressing. Messages don't load or send notifications and makes it hard to communicate. Fix this	bug report
I like how it is. It is better!! Thank you!!	irrelevant information
It was getting struck	bug report
IT is little hard but good	irrelevant information
Great app my school uses and very happy	irrelevant information
Plzzz fix this skyvpn trial discord not working for skyvpn trial	bug report
Bookmark. It	irrelevant information
Notification stopped working. Missing important communication. Please fix this!	bug report
I actually find this app to be more useful 6	irrelevant information
I cant sign up an account please fix that out	bug report
Update: I t's good. They added timed messages but removed sms as a service. I liked the idea however i had too many occasions where the SMS would sit in limbo until you open up the app. So if you don't open it daily, you'll miss some messages. It didn't work but it was a great idea. Kept at 3 stars as a new bug appears when setting up transfer of signal accounts. When you set up on PC it's fine and syncs all messages, on a new Android the process doesn't backup from sync. Tested 3 times.	feature request
THE NEW UPDATE IS HORRIBLE!!!	feature request
Removed due to dropping SMS support.	irrelevant information
new UI is absolute garbage. what have you done...	feature request
I get to call my daughter who lives in Florida and the quality is excellent. Text Free help me to stay in touch with family. Thank you for the free service.	irrelevant information
Beware there is a person or persons using this app to scam people from indeed and other job search sites. Posing as a woman named "Dorothy Murray" hiring manager. It is a total scam so beaware when directed to download "Singnal" to communicate about a hopefull job position that you may have applied for on one of these websites.	irrelevant information
the app keeps crashing everytime I try to open it	bug report
It's good for group texts, but I don't get notifications and my friends got mad.	bug report
Terrible service, half the calls don't come through and the call quality is sub par	bug report
One of the best chat services but is broken on mobile. I wanted to give the change of app design a chance but it just sucks, it is ridden with bugs half the time and it looks like nothing has been done to fix it. This is during when other needless changes are being made like with usernames (I didn't care but it just shows the priorities of the team). It is just ridiculous and everyone I've talked to about it has agreed. Examples of menus just breaking or chats cut in half. Please fix this.	bug report
Good 2nd line on wifi. I like how the messages come in even if I wasn't around wifi when it was sent	irrelevant information
Breaking up a lot, low quality of view...	feature request
Does what it's designed for- A simple, easy-to-use messaging over internet. Please let it remain like this forever. We do not want anything more here. WhatsApp has become a nuisance. Don't be like WhatsApp.🙏	irrelevant information
glitches a lot	bug report
Brian app	irrelevant information
Not sure why they decided to ruin every emoticon. Standard has a really good set but they dulled them down, and keyboard shortcut smileys now only appear as text. I'll never understand why devs are compelled to ruin great apps. Anyhow, works great.	feature request
Lots of bad things	irrelevant information
Update ruined the app.	bug report
The new update has made the mobile experiance incredibly annoying. Here's to hoping another update is in the near future	feature request
Most illegible voice calls ive ever had	bug report
Since the latest update I get all my calls/texts late and a lot of the times I receive the miss call notification but my phone won't ring. By the time I get the texts/calls its hrs later. Please fix this! I also re-downloaded the app and restarted my phone and it still messes up.	bug report
Saved my but to deal with Doctors and such can't afford a plan	irrelevant information
The space is awesome but make the mobile interface easier to use.	feature request
Ever since the update it forcloses on me a lot. It doesn't notify me when I get a text message and sometimes it doesn't even let me in ! I have uninstalled and installed again this all 10 times now. Please bring the old version back !	bug report
The new overlay is fine, I guess. Please differentiate between private calls and calls in group chats. When I think someone's calling me, they're actually calling a group. Thank you.	feature request
freezes but I love the app	bug report
hard to understand	irrelevant information
This is a solid message app. Way better than using group texts.	irrelevant information
Why my signal app doesn't work	bug report
Signal is dropping SMS messaging which means everyone I convinced to use Signal will have to drop it and will say "see all this privacy stuff isn't worth it". All that work convincing them undone. Absolutely tone deaf move by Signal.	feature request
Doesn't let me add some people to groups. Has lots of glitches	bug report
Still learning the app	irrelevant information
if you spam me asking for a review then you're going to get a bad review every time	irrelevant information
Update: Originally a 4, now my rating is 1. Without SMS support, there's no unique value in using Signal.	feature request
Great for communicating with various work teams.	irrelevant information
Best privacy friendly messaging app I've ever used	irrelevant information
The app is broken	bug report
This app used to allow me to put a wallpaper on my ios but it doesn't let me on my Android :( please add wallpapers thank you	feature request
Good but new ui is awful.	feature request
It worked at first but I (& some of my friends) sometimes dont get notified about new messages	bug report
Frequently fails to give notifications. Offers nothing new.	bug report
02-07-21 I did not rate it a 5 because I would like the ability to schedule texts to send in the future. 09-10-23 The app continues to be fine though scheduling capability for sending texts was not added. However, I am disappointed with the fact that Signal has crippled the PC program. I continue to run Windows 7 on my PC: thousands of dollars of Windows 7 programs would need replacing in a Windows upgrade. ALL other Windows programs just stopped new support. Signal disabled their program. Why?	feature request
Hey it works for only having wifi right now.	feature request
I think that it's great that they have a service that you can use that's free but what I don't like is that my calls get dropped a lot if there's any way they can fix this matter that would be awesome	bug report
Good i love the app It's so fast and Cool	irrelevant information
I don't get notification for half my messages and non of the notification are loud enough. I think you should also add quick reply option!	bug report
This app gets you internet calling and texting through wifi without cell service but it's nearly unusable and test a nerve with the ads that pop up. I usually don't know if I got to hang up my call and a 30 sec ad will pop up preventing me from hanging up. Or during text I send one then ad pops up for a minute. If other options are available maybe try them first. Textnow needs to be more affordable with less ads even if someone is on the free version. They use to be a little better, not now.	feature request
If you have wifi, you have a free phone!	irrelevant information
Account blocked problem 😢	bug report
cant get pass the sign up where you pick an area code every area code that is given does not work....	bug report
Signal, get it together. Dropping sms support is the dumbest decision you can make. People will absolutely stop using this because of your very poorly thought out decision. IPhone users aren't going to ditch Imessage. I was happy that a few of my friends had signal. I could talk securely with them. But they aren't going to keep two texting apps. Neither will I. Change your sms decision or f off.	feature request
Trouble getting texts and receiving phone calls. Used to be fairly reliable but it's not at anymore.	bug report
Needs an option to delete just videos or photos like in WhatsApp so you can clear up space.	feature request
It's a great communication tool.	irrelevant information
It's gotten a lot better in recent months. It still does a poor job of reflecting the presence of the other person. It will often say that the other person was last seen hours or days ago even when the person is typing something to you in the chat window.	bug report
You guys need to fix this the calls roo short	bug report
Its ok but I wish you could make it where you can text and call offline	feature request
Awesome. People I haven't talk to in many years. Thanks!	irrelevant information
I've really enjoyed using this app for awhile but it seems to have some issues as of late. My messages take forever to go through or receive, if at all. Incoming calls don't pop up for me until the 5th or 6th ring on the other end...if at all. Video calls never work. I get taken to the page that should work then and inescapable pop up tries to make me login with credentials I don't have. I don't get it. What happened to this previously stable and dependable app?	bug report
Its a nice App Altough when i tried to enter my phone Number it says another discord account is using it which is so annoying I don't have any other accounts	bug report
Is unsafe, to me anyway. I was hacked when I aquired this app.	bug report
Underrated...	irrelevant information
I can't hear incoming calls. Other than that it's smooth sailing	bug report
Things break every other week or so and this has been the case for months. For instance a few weeks ago I had a problem where non text channels would disappear and reappear if I reinstall. Now with the latest update all my messages go to the same channel no matter where I am. Avatars disappear and reappear randomly. All functionality on the web version is still intact, so it's really just the app misbehaving. Kindly do some more testing before releasing new versions.	bug report
I can't verify my number	bug report
Its a great app when it works but god forbid it doesn't and you go through all the hoops trying to get and answer i wanted to find out if im texting someone that doesn't have textfree or my textfree # saved will it be an anonymous text and also why when i reinstall the app and open it i have unread texts that disappear before i can open it and i have no blocked #s and no way of retrieving them.At this point just hope the text wasnt important! Was 3* changed to 1* for lack of response sorry!!	bug report
Overall this app is good, however recently I and other people were having a problem with posting either a video or a meme and it just didn't allow us to post them, said that the files are too big. The video has 1.9 mb. How? Second problem is the image and video compression. It doesn't work, I think it just increases the file size than lowering it. It would be good if you could turn it off in the settings.	bug report
Just downloaded today so far so good! Thanks TextNow	irrelevant information
U to JK	feature request
very consistent	irrelevant information
Even though I have notifications on (and active on my phone) I don't receive notifications when I have a new chat message.	bug report
New u.i. is bad.optimizing on Samsung foldable is horrible.everything is paywalled. frankly, there is no reason to use this app	bug report
used to be a solid 4 stars for me, however this newest update is incredibly annoying and unneccesarily complicating. I did not need to have my private messages and servers on different screens, in fact this makes it less organised and clear than it used to be. I did not need to swipe to reply to messages, it was useful to see who was online on the same screen, this did not need removing. The hue of dark mode did not need changing, it feels weird on my eyes now. I could go on.	feature request
Not possible to make video calls on desktop. Only debian-based linux package on official site. Forced to use contacts to add names to chats.	bug report
Ugh, the new design or update made the app way too buggy to really use. The app lags badly when trying to switch convo or servers. Every once in a blue moon, when select the channel, I go into the previous channel I was in and not the channel I selected. The channel name change but the chat isn't. I'm just disappointed in this new update.	bug report
I personally think that it is one of the best social apps. Although it is good it needs some more improvements. Besides that it is a pretty good app. The nitro is not really needed though	feature request
Sucks when change phone numbers and loose everything.	bug report
My one promblem is that it expires	bug report
Don't like that you have to select each picture separately when you want to send them.. Makes the whole thing so much harder.	feature request
Can't find no one they can't find me it fn mess	bug report
I wish you could text and call with no wifi	feature request
I've been using this app for several years and never had any issues to complain about! I recommend it to everyone I know.	irrelevant information
Good but super slow	bug report
It's good for playing with friends I love it	irrelevant information
It deserves five star if it has screen share with audio in Mobile version. BTW it's working really nice.	feature request
Search doesn't always work with the same search term. Issues with loading messages after scrolling up.	bug report
Never is able to have a clear call and cant ever make it through a call without it dropping the call this app sucks dick	bug report
Please make a dark mode🙏	feature request
Latest update literally breaks all swipe gestures for me on my Sony phone. Discord really seems to be going backwards lately. "Hard at work to make discord better" and yet my experience seems to deteriorate. I hope at least this can be fixed soon rather than taking a few years just like how it took you guys a few years to finally adapt light or dark mode to phone system settings. My review keeps coming closer to a 1 star with all this nonsense lately	bug report
Very good phone app...can do without the notifications when texting	irrelevant information
Unable to login to app even after uninstalling and reinstalling it.. After i enter my phone number it doesnt send the opt and doesn't go to the next step.. I have tried a bunch of times.. I was able to login last year when i first installed it but after i reset my phone i no longer able to login to the app while the other apps works just fine. Can someone help?	bug report
I was looking for a replacement for whatsapp and for while this was good but for awhile now it hasn't been as good. At first I was excited to meld it with my regular messaging app but then after working fine for awhile, it started acting up. When I replied to group messages they were showing up in other people's phones as a thread of just me. So I unmelded them. Now I only get notifications IF I open the app. Not everyone getsy messages and my moms aren't coming In to me. Updating doesn't help.	bug report
Lately, whenever I've opened the app, it fails to load the newest messages, and it also shows a red message saying "failed to send message" when no message was sent to begin with. Message	bug report
TextNow is better The ads make the app laggy and they change so often your fighting the ads just to use the app. 10$ a month to just use the app without intrusive ads is a major scam. I can not use this app on my device	bug report
My number was changed without me knowing I had that number for over a year.	bug report
Crashing alot	bug report
It's been great to use to talk to friends when out or playing games	irrelevant information
Having issue with it sending messages to other apps like Verizon messenger? Any assistance?	bug report
Can't revieve msg plz fix	bug report
You have to earn minutes to call !!!	bug report
I LOVE IT FIRST TIME USING IT THANK YOU	irrelevant information
Wasn't able to make calls when I was in an important situation.	bug report
These ads that pop up is so dam annoying...like why!!	irrelevant information
It doesnt let me call out and if i go to cheak anything on my phone while on call it randomly ends the call	bug report
The new user interface makes me want to commit toaster bath, please revert it, it was perfectly fine beforehand	feature request
i can't even start discord on mobile it just crashes the second i open it	bug report
It starts slow and the proximity sensor doesn't work for incoming calls, but I like the design	bug report
App crashes constantly. No audio notifications	bug report
Love this app. Because it let's me share with others in my group.	irrelevant information
I really loved this app, everything was in one app, but unfortunately they are removing SMS support, time to find a new secure messaging app with SMS support.	feature request
Silently downscales sent images to much worse resolution/quality. It's a show stopper. I don't want a chat program to take decisions on how to alter my private communications, it's unacceptable. There is no technical excuse for it either, it's not year 1998, gigabit Internet is normal. Other than that, it's good program although sending a photo from Android camera remains somewhat cumbersome compared to e.g. Samsung or Google Messages.	bug report
She atI cc OH*up k foul र् मगोल या	irrelevant information
"The new update for phone's suck" is what I've been hearing and I must agree everything is way to complicated now and everything is switched up so now when I go to swipe for servers ít doesn't work it's very annoying and tedious same with my friends list I wanna see if there online or off now it says NOTHING only the pfp and it's super annoying fix your app discord.	bug report
Great phone Addition	irrelevant information
Its ridiculous. Texting isnt free on wifi if I cant receive simple texts with verification codes, without upgrading. You should say this in the 'about app' so people know before downloading.	feature request
is just me but whenever i try to send a photo to someone direct messages it wont let me send the photo i want to show them and it would basically pop up as "message failed to send" im so confused is this a bug, i tried to restart the app multiple times already???	bug report
Nice but sometimes it has some glitches and suddenly the call is cuts ..	bug report
The new update won't let me send images from other sources. On top of that if anyone sends me images they automatically download into my gallery. I do not like this update. FIX IT.	bug report
It's slow even when I clear my device	bug report
The UI needs a revert to the original	feature request
Can y'all like, stop having an identity crisis with the layout of this thing 12/6/23 - AGAIN stop having the identity crisis, there was nothing wrong with the old layout.	feature request
All of my chats have disappeared for the last week. It doesn't matter how many times I log in and out, or delete and reinstall app. I can only see my messages when I log into a computer. I'm not sure what is happening with the app, it was working for the last three years but just stopped.	bug report
Been good but is it truly encrypted? I've heard stories. Please stay on the good side of history.	feature request
I love 💕 it. Works for me.	irrelevant information
Shrex	feature request
Group me is a great app that allows you to put people together for any occasion !	irrelevant information
I LOVE this app but I am so frustrated you are no longer going to be supporting all SMS. I want to continue to have one messaging app, not several.	feature request
So if you don't pay $5/month, it sucks, the ads take up to much of the screen. I do pay the monthly fee and it's great, I have an auto reply to texts and calling (different ones) that happen once every 24 hours, you can have 4 different messages saved up so if you need a vaycay message or an at school message or a driving message, it all works. I do wish you could pin certain conversations to the top, but all in all it's pretty great	feature request
They easily block some one account	feature request
Janky but works alright	irrelevant information
used to work great everywhere. Now in order to try to stop scammers from using their service they turned their service into a lesser and shittier version of it. Doesn't work on emutors, doens't work privacy first browsers. Only works proper tested phones. And apparently now you've to pay to receive verification codes and it's full of ads. Greedy greedy greddy	bug report
Fix your broken vc videos I can't watch them for a minute without them freezing and me needing to close the stream to fix it, it has a glitch where it will think I'm on PC when I'm on mobile, upload circles staying even when you weren't the one to post the image, and microphones just turning off at random, basically what I'm saying is that Yall screwed somin up, real bad.	bug report
Its cool better than messenger	irrelevant information
Ran the latest update, now it doesn't recognize my password. Clicked password reset, it said a reset email sent out, never received any email, nothing in Spam folder either. App not functional at all.	bug report
good app for secure messaging system.	irrelevant information
Reception keeps going in and out.	bug report
I was putting pictures on my section for Discord and seeing my beautiful pictures. Next thing I know, the stupid gross emoji show up on it. When I click on it, I can see it but not from normal view like my other pictures. The others i love to see are covered up by that gross emoji from it view. I don't know what's going on?! But please fix this mess up!!! Thank you very much!!!😡😡😡😡😡	bug report
It's my new favorite secure messaging app!	irrelevant information
Wouldve rated this a 5 star but i loged in and everything but the same numbers keeps calling me and i even blocked it and that didnt work and i made sure it was blocked to.This was just getting annyiong so i had to delete and now there are know more scams calling me thank god.	bug report
I love it but no one I know is willing to switch.	irrelevant information
Grear community for sharing and learninh	irrelevant information
Not something you tell anyone to use they changes my number twice cause their stupid and denied me the ablilty to set up a new account. They said they would contact me back. No call back and calls constantly dropping and alot of spam caling	bug report
I absolutely love text now. Its the greatest app ive encountered. Gives you exactly what it said no more and no less. The prices for their services ive found no cheapee and the best part is you usually get what you pay for but this app gives you what it promises for less or did i already say thet several times...lol	irrelevant information
Really dissapointed Worked great for a long time then i guess it did an update and now i can't get my old number back...waste but did work great when i was able to use it	bug report
Very usable for my work.	irrelevant information
I haven't been able to use my Skype in well over 2 month's. Everyt time I try to open it tells me Skype isn't responding. I've uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail...... any help out there???	bug report
I would like access now pleased	feature request
I don't work it keeps freezing up and messing up every time you open it up	bug report
never been able to make a phone call even when I bought minutes but good for texting. will get 5 stars when you fix the phone call issue	bug report
Great app but one thing though, even when my network is working really well the app lags alot I don't know why. It shows the 'connecting' thingy on top when my net is great. I've tried to reinstall it and stuff but never works. Overall it's a great app :D	bug report
Bro why am I stuck in a forever loading screen? And when I try to uninstall it and reinstall it it doesn't let me log in and I'm just met with a white screen, please fix that	bug report
Works as described. Lots of friends already on it.	irrelevant information
Sad, the only problem I used to have was Discord refusing to stay on Bluetooth if I opened software that had access to the call interface. Now the chat bar take a minute to pop up over the keyboard, or a minute for the DM chat list to load, or a minute for the server list to load. I would much prefer the old interface because it was faster and easier to navigate.	bug report
Very pleasant experience	irrelevant information
Does not work well for androids all of a sudden.	bug report
This new upgrade sucks!! None of my texts will send!! It worked before, but now it doesnt	bug report
I couldn't login	bug report
The new update is very bad. None are liking. Kindly look and fix asap. Theare are several issues in new updates.	bug report
Always bin fine when have wifi	irrelevant information
How are you even suppose to get the free 60 mins because of the holiday? I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and nothing seems to be working!	bug report
I've had discord for about 7 years now (On desktop and phone). I've only ever had issues with video calling on mobile but I hardly ever use video calling so that's fine. Overall pretty good	irrelevant information
To much interrupted calls	bug report
I put in my email it didn't work then I put my phone number it didn't work it said it sender me a verification code and it did not	bug report
Verry nice	irrelevant information
Ugly audio, good network resilience, I can edit older messages for some short time thus I can both edit typos and trust the message history. The sad part is that users are leaving Skype while Facebook/Zoom owned services are in favor. But virtual background would be useful...	feature request
Text is fine. However notifications rarely if ever,show up. I have to open the app to receive notifications. Calling is terrible. Delay, echo, static, muted, everything you could possibly have wrong with making and receiving calls. Not to men ton when called, phone only rings for incoming 25% of the time (and that's being generous) and the kicker, if you have this app obviously you can't afford to put $ into this, tapjoy offers minutes for spiffs, but doesn't reciprocate. App needs tons of work.	bug report
Cannot communicate with a real agent no matter what you do	bug report
Its hard to get in stuff	bug report
Most of the time its hanging specialy when the call comes😒 i use it because i attend my online class on this. in this all stickers are live	bug report
Works great for keeping in touch with family and groups!	irrelevant information
Come on. It's Signal 🤷🏿‍♂️	irrelevant information
it is a good way to.keep in touch with a big group of people!!	irrelevant information
Will I still receive Messages ? They seemed to be sending out but idk if sending in	bug report
Absolutely horrific, doesnt notify you of text messages and call quality its just awful	bug report
They disabled my account for no reason when I barely started using the account they can't even say what I did but I can't get it back.cant even create another account either what a waste	bug report
Best app every by far to have fun and talk to your friends and to be very productive	irrelevant information
Last update is trash please bring back the old UI	feature request
Too much mega bites eating my cell	irrelevant information
I love discord, until the update ruined everything, and now for some reason when I make calls there's a second small screen that won't go away and it's so annoying. Just change it back please it was perfect	bug report
This site is awesome	irrelevant information
Oof	bug report
The app is crashing and it doesn't start, I have to restart my phone everytime. I use inbuilt app lock feature in the app.	bug report
Great app and better security/privacy than others.	irrelevant information
It was good a few years ago but now it's a buggy mess.	bug report
DISCORD, IM HOWLING IN THE MOON	irrelevant information
No longer receiving messages from people that aren't in signal. Like the 6th time this has happened in the last year... Really love the security but probably gonna move to another app at this point Some people with iPhones haven't been receiving my texts for over a month now	bug report
discord is the best app ever.	irrelevant information
I can really talk to other people	irrelevant information
I want to replace Whatsapp. Skype is nice app. But unlike whatsapp, it also reduces image quality at other end, but doesn't matter, image can be send by FILE option. I like gif emojis in it. Please add status/story option and message deleting option like delete, delete for all. I'm waiting improved version of SKYPE.......	feature request
GroupMe helps me to stay in contact with my "folks" in GA.	irrelevant information
Scammers found me there	irrelevant information
I can't get notification and Skype didn't working on background data from last update pls check and update this Model : realme X2 pro Android : 11	bug report
latest updates is full of bugs in mobile and not optimized and laggy	bug report
Love the app. The previous issues with blend are corrected. However, now the generated images do not load correctly as before. Often times the images do not load until hours later. Reopening, force closing the app, and phone restart does not fix this issue. UPDATE: 11/30/23 Generated images load faster, but not always consistently. Restarting app often works. UPDATE:: 12/7/23 Images now load as they should. Now would like to able to add 5 images to blend from the clipboard instead of folders.	bug report
I loved this app, but now it's ending support for sms. I tried to get all my friends to use signal but can't make them. I really liked only having one app for messaging, plus a bunch of addition features signal offers, but if I need to use different apps to message some people it seems kind of hectic or confusing. I would've rated five stars yesterday before I saw that notice about no more sms. 😔	feature request
Since updating to Android 14, it takes several minutes for signal to reconnect to the backend. Until it does you can access existing chats or access contacts for sending new messages.	bug report
Should add the feature that makes it easier to switch between accounts like on PC	feature request
If you guys promise to stop asking I'll rate you 5	irrelevant information
You're getting a telephone line for free, why not take it? No brainer!	irrelevant information
When I reset my phone and reinstalled the app, I lost my number and free minutes, frustrating	bug report
It's a good app but it's not support a lot of countries ,	feature request
Don't understand how this manages to be worse with every update. You can't even go from another tab back to discord or chat won't refresh and your pics or video won't send. The latest layout is also just a downgrade from the perfectly fine one before (who tf wants to swipe to reply this isn't IG)	bug report
I can't open posts on Forum Channels. When I trying to do that, Discord automatically closes and I can't go to Discord back, It keeps closing. I have to clear the data and re-login.	bug report
This app is OK but there's one problem I had to factory reset My tablet! But it made my WiFi so bad I hope it's better and fixed	bug report
The first call you answer is normally on mute where you can't even unmute it then you gotta drop the call and call back again to be heard, notifications newer show up and as mentioned below all of this on a Flagship phone. Please do NOT use this for business as you will really miss crucial notification and calls even while you are on the Ringing or Loud mode.	bug report
To much bad 😞 I can't open my account	bug report
What I thought was an App issue because of the Beta turned out to be a general issue for me. Been having the same bugs for around 6mo now, but it keeps getting worse. I can see a few channels in a server, the rest only shows when I scroll, pix/vids/link previews are in a big format so I cant see everything, drop down when clicking on a post dont work, menu shows 0 server. I need to close the tab and reopen the app for it to work properly-but rn thats the case every single time I open the app.	bug report
To bad that it only supports one time zone?	feature request
Awesome service, fast and reliable	irrelevant information
Simply terrible after I bought 100 minutes they ran out today I looked in the additional offers to earn more and I signed up and installed Twitter for 100 minutes and never received them	bug report
Not receiving or sending messages	bug report
I love this its really good but it doesn't work without Wifi thats bad what if u get kidnapped and cant anybody	feature request
Poor user support	bug report
Madison university of the new York and then you can I am going to be quite now	irrelevant information
Generally excellent. Occasionally glitches do not stop it from being very high value, especially for calls to family or call centers.	irrelevant information
Its pretty good but people spam alot	irrelevant information
Unnecessary changes in last update that made it worse to use?	feature request
Can call with friends and playing game together🥰	irrelevant information
New UI is terrible, what took 1 or 2 clicks now takes 4 or more to do. Its clunky, not intuitive and difficult to manoeuvre through to find what I need. Thought calls were bad before? Now the buttons overlay so I can't press them when in a call. Worst thing? I have been forced to do this and I have had the option to swap it back to familarity taken away. Discord devs obviously hate their ND fanbase, i'd say hand in your notices but you're better off burning them after vomiting this out.	feature request
Skype is great specially when you live alone	irrelevant information
The calling sucks	bug report
I have had smooth pieceful meaningful conversations with a lovely woman who I am about to meet for the first time in three days . I'm giddy, happy, and nervous just like a kid again.. Thanks you guys keep up the amazing job, I will prays this app to everyone I can when it in relevance can be put in a conversation I WILL Your greatful friend Horace W Jordan jr	irrelevant information
The new UI is the worst thing they have released to date, it's a complete 180 from the previous iterations and one of the least intuitive designs I've used	feature request
It's good but not the perfect for conference.	irrelevant information
3 stars so far haven't had a chance to test out app but the fact you need minutes made me choose 3 stars	irrelevant information
Has trouble refreshing messages and profile changes	bug report
This app was more annoying than anything I would rather just use regular	irrelevant information
It's a great app to get when times get rough.thanks TN	irrelevant information
"""App gave my phone a virus!"""" Pinger is lying to protect their financial profits. They make money by you buying talk time. Texting is free. This app puts your phone at risk. I accidentally clicked on one of the many annoying ads they place below the text box and a virus message popped up freezing my phone. Trashy app. They have ads with viruses!	bug report
omg this is a good app and all but today it just wont let me sign back into my account i tried making an new account and it still wont do anything. is the app down or something? plz fix i dont mean to be rude	bug report
thieves use these lines.	irrelevant information
Unusable. Keeps crashing and no SMS support anyway.	bug report
Hate the new update. Change it back. Also for some reason when i get out of the app i cnanot talk in call on mobile. I can hear everyone, i am still in call, but it simply doesnt pick up my voice. I tried everything, settings on phone, settings in the app, restarting, trying over and over again. I dont know what is wrong.	bug report
Constant terrible updates that only make using the app worse, unless you like jumping through hoops to send your friend a funny cat picture	bug report
too many scammers	irrelevant information
It's slow and heavy, GIFS are practically unusable even on a recent phone	bug report
I like the idea of this app, but for some reason when i receive phone calls my phone does not ring instead it only shows up saying that i have missed a call. This is very upsetting and i would love for it to be fixed asap or know what i am doing wrong :(	bug report
Thought it was a good idea to get a TextNow SIM card to help with phone service for backup when I needed it but phone calls connect maybe 2 minutes and it loses signal no matter where I'm at what I'm doing full bars and when it does reconnect I can hear whoever I'm on the phone with but they can't hear me at all or it sounds like a robot so this really sucks cuz if I have an emergency you need to call somebody I can't	bug report
Thanks for answering, although it also includes DMs not just @mentions from each server I'm in. I'm just weirded out to not get notified but when I open my discord there are a few notifs. I'm just wondering why sometimes DMs have no notification when opening the app seems to receive the message. Again, it only happens rarely not always.	bug report
Had to uninstall and reinstall app for contacts in the group to update so that i can tag them	bug report
Works better when using sms. Using the app makes my phn act like it has a virus! So I set up the txt sms	bug report
I wish all of my chats would load. But one will send all messages through, one won't update at all. I have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times.	bug report
It's great, my preferred messaging app. I just wish more of my friends would use it.	irrelevant information
Works great, and it's private.	irrelevant information
Awesome but.. I always seem to log out because I get this error. Please fix it. It would've been a great app. Samsung captivate.	bug report
Its horrible the calls don't work the fact that u have to have minutes to	bug report
I am saving myself a lot of money using this app regardless of it only being accessible by Internet it's save me around $60 a month and it's very easy to use I don't ever drop my calls I don't ever lose connection to the person for even a second.	irrelevant information
Yesum is the only way to learn the basics 💯 👌 is the answer ggreat wwwindows seat capindat Elizabeth xx aint dat swell forecast between hours after bed or night cap even a night capops	irrelevant information
every update as of late has made this app worse and worse. the ui is not just redesigned, its clunkier. its slower. it lags. now theyre making it harder to send images and files. messages dont show as read properly. its very hard to tell when you get a ping in a server instead of dms. its absurd what theyve done to ruin this app more and more every update. the pc version is the only viable option at this point.	bug report
Mobile app its taking too much time while i send a message. After sent its loading long time. 😔	bug report
I NEED MY ACCOUNT BACK, I UNADDED IT THEN ADDED IT. I TRIED TO. LOG IN AND IT DIDN'T WORK??? IT SAID IT DIDN'T "Exist" WHAT DID I DO WRONG DISCORD?	bug report
Worked fine until the latest update, now it's incredibly slow and laggy with tons of crashes. Additionally, notifications barely work and I'm usually never notified of receiving a message until hours and sometimes even days after it was sent.	bug report
New update is horrible. Can't use search option quickly anymore because it's extremely slow + whole app is glitchy, for example if I get notif for a message and click on it, it doesn't take me to that message. Had to download old version of the app from the internet and stop auto updates here, so app would be usable again.	bug report
They fixed the picture posting issue for Android and it seems to be working together all around.	bug report
I'm having a hard time with this app.I tried calling and I can not hear anything from me and from the other end.only this app do that why?	bug report
Been having a lot of trouble recently with video chats being very poor quality and freezing up alot.	bug report
I canceled this over a year ago and I'm still being charged!!! I didn't use it when I did have it. Please cancel!!	bug report
Ok but the other person on the phone can't really hear me even though it says HD quality!	bug report
I love the app.  I was excited about the new emojis..  but ever since the update..  I cannot view them.. and also when I post a picture..  it stays as an attachment .. and keeps posting. Please make updates..  or solutions to my issues!!	feature request
Would give five stars, if some of the frequently reoccurring ads didn't occupy way over half of my screen. Seriously?  Wish I could find an ad-blocker for this application.	feature request
Amazing because its free text with includes minutes. But the constant ads are annoying and distracting. At least have them fade out after a while. So 3/5.	feature request
Edited to three stars since someone actually responded. Sent a ticket and awaiting further response regarding the issue of automatic image compression that cannot be turned off.	feature request
Still cannot use 2 android phones with same account. Also ugly visuals.	bug report
Best free service but only with wifi . . .	irrelevant information
not so great of an app, sometimes freezes and also after making a call you cant end the call the only i was able to end the call was to force close it.	bug report
New UI is doodoo but the app itself is pretty good	feature request
EE SW s set SW s	feature request
By dropping sms support they killed any and all functionality. I'm not going to keep a separate app on my phone for the 4 people who didn't delete their account. I'm concerned about the next time a promising secure messaging app comes out that people won't forget how signal did them dirty and won't want to give it a shot.	feature request
It used to be good until today's update 🤢	bug report
Calls and video chat doesn't work	bug report
the app is good, but there is a weird bug that happens randomly. whenever we log in it keeps loading and doesnt log in. you have to reinstall the app again. please fix it.	bug report
A massive step down from the old version. The new UI is slow, laggy and unresponsive when navigating through the app.	bug report
Won't work	bug report
Not receiving notifications of new messages unless I manually check it. Please fix!!!!	bug report
Nice People	irrelevant information
Seemless and easy. We have several groups we are in and it's never been a problem. To be free I can't believe how good it is.	irrelevant information
Ever since the update, the discord app crashes constantly. Soooo frustrating. It took time to get used to the new layout, but the crashing omg it kills me.	bug report
This is very good Skype I like too much	irrelevant information
It was really good but then poof it just stopd	bug report
This app is good I haven't had any issues until now it sometimes keeps popping up a video I sented on there everytime I go into a msg idk if that's me but is a very good app	bug report
The app doesn't allow me to login. The credentials are valid, I can login via web.	bug report
Remove the swipe to reply thing Immediately	feature request
i think its good and all but the one thing it needs to do is update for	feature request
When will you add a feature to delete old chats? They can only be hidden...	feature request
Warning thieves and prostitution	irrelevant information
Liked it better when it was SMS compatible	feature request
The app is ok. When I first got it it worked perfectly fine but now It doesn't just one year later! It lags and won't let me send videos! I can send pictures and messages but for some odd reason I can't send a 4 minute video! My parents won't let me use messages or anything so this is the only app I can use and it is messed up! The app takes for ever to load and to receive a message! If that get fixed this app would be amazing.	bug report
Deleted all my text histroy with no way to retrieve	bug report
It's not letting me accept friend request	bug report
I have it for work, it does what it is supposed to.	irrelevant information
my keyboard is garbage it pushes one and it gives you a other number	bug report
Great wireless service..	irrelevant information
issue to connect new person first time.	bug report
What use is this without sms?	feature request
It's a good app and all, but I hate the fact that I can't receive a verification code without having to upgrade. Please get rid of that.	feature request
I love it.. Because I'm only using it to text someone In Cuba. But the only issue I have is that it will work very well, and then it will tell me that my message has not been sent. If the number where I am sending is international to put a (+) following the area code & #. But I've done both and still nothing. AND then after it will work again and then stop again. Like either stop working or stop saying i need to put the (+) and area code. It doesn't work either way. So ugh. It that could get fixed. 5 star.	bug report
latest update turned discord into yet another generic messaging app with terrible ux, simply for the sake of changes...	feature request
I am not sure where to look for my account details and no signout option	bug report
Basically annoying	irrelevant information
CAN'T EVEN GET A NUMBER!!!	bug report
betraying mixed sms/signal userbase	feature request
Sms Dalivery slow	bug report
I'm unhappy with this app. I've had continuous problems with bugs including phone call and message notifications not coming in even when I open the app, sometimes the notifications are delayed by several hours and that's caused problems with important calls. The customer support is friendly but they've always told me to do a "clean uninstall" which hasn' fixed anything, and I've done that a few times. Another bug, my phones main speaker stops working after a phone call until I restart my phone.	bug report
Sometimes I don't get my text messages right away in a lot of calls get dropped	bug report
Lately have been getting expiring number alerts despite using it the day before. Edit: the issue was related to accidentally making a second account and getting that account's alerts on the one I'm actually using. Support resolved my issue in under an hour.	feature request
Has anyone else had the problem that when I try to go into a chat it says sorry GroupMe has restarted.	bug report
This is good app but some need changing in this app	feature request
I find it pretty great for calling and other things	irrelevant information
Works ok but you may not receive calls when your not on wifi.	bug report
Doesn't showcase calls and messages even though I set it for my default calling and text message receiver. I have to specifically go to the app and by then it's too late.	bug report
I was an avid user from 2015/2016 to now, and i can confidently say this new update sucks. Its terrible. I cannot get used to it at all. If they were going to update, then it should've been with more options for nitro or more options for call activities and not this.	feature request
Great in theory. Works amazing if everyone has the signal app. However if people have any other app (and many do) then it is unreliable for delivery and has weird restrictions on what can be sent (photos, gifs, and video have tons of trouble)	feature request
The most worst app ever! I cannot even reply my friends messages and I always need to leave from the app and then I can reply to them.	bug report
Man, I love and use discord religiously. AND THEY FIXED IT, WOOOOOO GOOD JOB BROTHERS	irrelevant information
I've been using this app for a while, and I've enjoyed it. However, with this new update, it's been a pain. I can't tell if my messages are sending. Sometimes, I can't switch conversations. I have to close the app to open a different conversation. Please fix these issues.	bug report
At times the application will not let me send a text. I've had to uninstall the application several times & takes several attempts in order for the application to work properly. The sound quality is not that great with an echo on both ends of a call & some times the sound will completely go out. If these issues were fixed this would be an excellent application.	bug report
Voice message never play.	bug report
It works it's just not the best.it has to many adds and it can't even let me call any one	bug report
Its really fraustrating can't access my number, pinger yoi have to do something and fast cuz its really fraustrating can't text anyone tell me i need to verify my account	bug report
I've been using signal since 2015 and it used to be good but now half of the time I don't receive messages and calls notifications. And the phone does not even ring on calls. I'm searching for an alternative app now.	bug report
This app expires the phone number after you give it out. If you are planning to use this on a regular basis as a permanent number to text from keep looking this app is not for you. They cancelled my number after I gave it out as a contact number that people could text me. Also I decided to try paying for it so I could maintain my number and now I can't login ....	bug report
Great WIFI Calling FREE app.	irrelevant information
Why writing unable to connection 😓😓😓	bug report
Hangs on open now, with strange tabs across the bottom like "Servers" and "Notifications". Takes as long as 30 seconds to actually load and show the UI properly. Definitely a downgrade.	bug report
Not entirely sure. Just started using this.	irrelevant information
It used to be good. Now you have to pay to receive otp texts? Why? What's the point?	bug report
I've been using Discord since the beta, and this ui makes it so much harder, not to mention all the bugs when I will type multiple and send multiple lines of the same text, and the only way to fix it is if you close and restart discord. Give us an option to revert back.	feature request
There are a lot of bugs	bug report
its a pretty good app to send text messages. making phone calls is sketchy. have to have full wifi,, and even with that, calls are not good. I have to check my phone to see if anyone has called or left messages,, Phone will not ring 90 percent of the time,, and will not notify me I have a text??? Very much a pain. It is free,that is about the only good thing about this app.	bug report
As of the current UI redesign, I would encourage not using the mobile app because it runs much much worse Tham before. The UI feels more closed behind more taps than before and things are taking like 1-4 seconds longer.	bug report
Awesome clarity, great app	irrelevant information
Text free is an awesome alternate to 'lame stream' carriers.. I had one issue & Jess helped me fix it in minutes.. no robots, no hold.. no problem. Two huge thumbs-up.. :)	irrelevant information
Doesn't support sms anymore. Very annoying.	bug report
See the smiles as well as hear the cheers with HD video clip asks for approximately 49 of your fam and friends!.	irrelevant information
Nice Redesign of the UI but now notification section doesn't show mentions of anything, using it on z fold has been a bad experience	bug report
Great app! However, I dislike the fact that you only get x amount of credits in order to make calls. Other then that it's great.	feature request
I entered my number, NOW you say the number I GAVE is not the right number.Jean	bug report
I've been using the app for many years, but this new UI is completely bugged. Why not having a new interface, but next time make it STABLE before production!	bug report
The new ui is a buggy mess please let me use the old one. It had its quirks but it was not this bad.	bug report
It works for a little while but then it stops!	bug report
Literally came here to un update the new mobile interface is a NoNo please fix or take us back	feature request
I really like this app do anything I don't like is that you only get an hour of talk time by day it seems I wish that you get more for free because it says free text app that is not the only issue with it	feature request
Used to love it but It fails to load so much now it's a massive pain. I have to restart it anytime I want to see new messages.	bug report
hard for people to understand how to joints	irrelevant information
it is overpowered now!	irrelevant information
It works, but I won't be able to get texts from anyone not on Signal. I'm not going to asky do tor or grocery store to switch to you. FAIL.	bug report
weekend too if that doesn't sound too late I already did the doctor's office and and they have been working in My roommates are you doing today I hope you are doing well and that	irrelevant information
It was ok for a while but it hangs up my calls after just seconds of it starting and it isnt sending me notifications when someone texts me which is making it difficult to talk	bug report
Nice but needs to have a no credit card needed trial so people can enjoy or test the trial for the first time I'm one of them	feature request
I've never really had a issues on Discord but now all the sudden when I try to talk with my friends and I table out if they can't hear me while I'm doing something else on the phone. Like it makes it very inconvenient because you have to stay tabbed on the app in order for them to hear you.	bug report
Awful update. Literally why	bug report
addresses too hard to remember. Should just be email addresses. Doesn't seem to be stable on my ChromeBook	feature request
It would be a whole lot better if you could get more minutes or watch ads to get free talk time like some apps	feature request
Gets the job done. I use it on my galaxy tab A to text the bf when he at work	irrelevant information
My messages wont load app too many ads glitches sonetines poor soubd quilty but it beats guys having my actual number any day	bug report
I remember when you could find An app where you could call out answer and text ppl . Now all you can do 4 free is text and alot of my text aiint even texting out like they're supposed to..	bug report
It comes up slow an stalls and says its not working on lgg2	bug report
Not receiving text messages in a timely manner even when connected to Wi-Fi, if signal is not 4 bars I'm not getting messages.	bug report
Very slow keeps freezing	bug report
rate your experience for how easy to the app	irrelevant information
Discord had a good mobile app... until they started rolling out a new UI. It's incredibly unintuitive to use; why are there tabs that separate dms and servers now? Why is there no universal, server-wide search? It's also slow, with noticeable chugging when I switch between messages in a server and a dm, and dropped frames when scrolling. No other app on my phone behaves like this. Finally, the default black theme is incredibly harsh on my eyes, making it hard for me to even use it.	feature request
I received some pornographic pictures from someone I don't know. I cannot get this person off. I will be deleting the GroupMe app if I can't get this person off. Hiding her is not enough. Until this happened I would have given 5 stars. Now I don't even want to give it any stars.	bug report
i'll rate it to 4 stars because when i call my friends they don't here me but i can here them. but please fix this bug,and this app is cool tho	bug report
Very good App, works perfect with headphone(better) or without	irrelevant information
Worked really well for over a year, but now it always says no numbers can be found and then says "Something went wrong. Please try again later" and I have to force quit	bug report
Absolutely horrible call quality and lags out constantly	bug report
I downloaded to make a call and it won't show new to call even when I have minutes to be used.	bug report
Great it's just really slow	bug report
A really good experience (sometimes lol)	irrelevant information
Literally nobody asked for a new UI. Bring back the old one.	feature request
Very easy to use, thank you	irrelevant information
back in 2015	irrelevant information
Works great for calls and video calls.	irrelevant information
CHANGED LAYOUT CHANGE IT BACK FREAKS	feature request
It's a good idea, but it is a pain in the butt to deal with. I don't know of this happens to you, but when I make a call, I can't hang up. And that's a huge problem, especially if I misclick the call button. The app can be rather slow at times and occasionally won't send messages. It's also slow to receive messages too. It would be neat if they implemented a feature to see if someone was typing or if someone had viewed a message that you sent. But the app is good if you don't feel like paying for a phone line and it also gives you a free number.	bug report
dosent even work i tried to call wouldnt work FIX THIS	bug report
It works now, thank you for fixing the issue apparently the old layout doesn't work properly anymore but another issue is the video chat and calls don't connect on mobile, it's been a problem for awhile for me.	bug report
I've only recently downloaded, so I'm still getting used to it	irrelevant information
I just installed the App on my Android phone (Tecno camon 12 Air) buh can't sign up on it... annoying	bug report
Sometimes not good but sometimes great	irrelevant information
Doesnt always allow you to answer when someone is calling. Almost like it freezes	bug report
Its a great app so far, like the privacy!	irrelevant information
Having trouble logging in	bug report
This is a great alternative app for calling and texting when you need a second number for a business or any reason for that matter	irrelevant information
I wish I can move the little box of my picture around to different location on the screen instead of a default position on the top right. Sometimes when people talk, there are things that more important at that location that I want to see instead of my face there. I hope you would take this into consideration. Viber does let the users move it around anywhere on the screen. Please check them out.	feature request
It's a good way to connect with friends, but my phone doesn't ring when somebody sends a message	bug report
Disappointed because I've been using this app for a long time now and for a while now you can no longer receive verification codes, which kind of defeats the purpose of some of the app. It only gives people at a disadvantage even less opportunities.	bug report
If there's more theme colour it will be great otherwise good	feature request
Love that you can have a permanent second number as long as you use the number you'll always have it you can log in any phone and have access to your phone number and contacts also you can used this app with Wi-Fi meaning off you don't have a SIM card you can still use your textnow number I ove this app	feature request
New update makes me where i cant get into my account. I have to make another account. I have important text messages on there i need.	bug report
It says that you can use it for free, but if you want to use all the good stuff, you have to purchase the service and activate your phone with the account and etc. If I had the random sim cards laying around still, I would have tried to activate one, but I have no reason to pay for this service when I have a phone already even though I don't want to keep this phone because it's got a BUG PROBLEM!! I NAMED IT "JIM SHY" THE STALKER!!	bug report
I have been using Signal for several years and I would highly recommend it for any one needing a secured messenger.	irrelevant information
Only certain numbers I can dial and call	bug report
I love using discord but rn i want to know why there is so many freaking ads. Like i can be writing a text and all of a sudden I'm hit with a ad. And sometimes when this happens with the ads, it deletes whatever i had written out. It's making me a bit aggravated because usually there is no ads at all whatsoever on discord.	bug report
Amazing app. But now it's not showing my texts I send to other people. Please fix this!! Okay I made this comment on 07/12/23 and it's still not being fixed...so I'm going down to a 1 out of 5 star review. It was a 5 out of 5. If you fix this it will go back up. Thank you and have a lovely day.	bug report
The AI is best, bit not a single option for free prompt on midjourney.	feature request
Freezes sometimes. Others in the group also mention the freezing or slugishness of the app. Had thought about moving to another app because of these issues. Other then that its at least a nice option to use. We are heavy users and maybe it just can't handle our demands on the system.	bug report
Too much spam	irrelevant information
My discord went back to normal for a few days but then instantly changed back, I would like it if I could turn off the auto update since the new update is really bothering me. If you can fix this then thank you very much	feature request
I am cancelling my recurring donation to Signal. Seamless SMS convinced my entire family to use it. Now I have no use for signal. To remove SMS makes Signal no different from of 100s of other encrypted chat apps. I have read the blogs, I have read the technical reasons. You are correct, it will be more secure. Is it better to be absolutely secure with no users? Or less secure with tens of millions of users? Is it really better to be right and dead? Good luck, but I'm not staying to find out.	irrelevant information
The new UI is slower and harder to navigate. Notifications are often wrong and it's harder to figure out where the notification is leading to. Switching between DMs and server messages takes significantly more taps and I have to use more of the screen to navigate. Information about who's online is now only available by tapping the top of the screen or navigating to an entirely different screen. The ability to access information about who's available has now been replaced by a swipe reply.	feature request
Can be improved but great 👍 needs work and promoting not good if you haven't got a WiFi code x	feature request
I like signal responsive and good 8 outta 10	irrelevant information
Not now	bug report
Calls hardly ever go through and, when they do the quality is bad. It used to be a really good programme, but it has become terrible over the years	bug report
Always crashes literally only downloaded this for work and it's a mess	bug report
Keeps kicking me out of the app after a few minutes. Can y'all fix this	bug report
The membership limit in a group is too low; There are no communities, with unlimited participation; Does not show whether the message was delivered; Missing group tool to enable/disable conversation; It does not have verified accounts for personalities and companies; Any member can change the image and name of a group.	feature request
It was wonderful talking to my babies thank so much for the service	irrelevant information
How many upadates do you guys bring, Very irritating...	irrelevant information
i cant send pic messages.... that sucks!!!!	bug report
It's been wonderful communicating with the groups that I am affiliated with.	irrelevant information
I can login with microsoft id vs Skype ID ?? (Use same email in setting skype but different skype id)	bug report
I always have problem with group video chats, no video from speaker !!	bug report
The app is great! One of the best for social interaction. But for some reason it keeps stopping and says discord has stopped. I have no clue what the problem is. As of now I'm reinstalling the app.	bug report
I am beyond upset with this app. Half the time while on a call the other party can't hear me. And when I do offers to get minutes I don't get minutes!. Very upset!	bug report
Wouldn't pick up my audio on my mic, kinda ruined virtual game night with my friend.	bug report
The Android experience is leagues behind anything else Discord is putting out. The app is laggy when performing most actions other than sending plaintext messages, and connection is entirely lost sometimes requiring me to restart my phone. Any new feature takes months to implement. Searching by username was broken entirely for a good while because the new username format wasn't recognized. Please update the app faster.	bug report
Read and or delete SD card photos. Pics gone, now you know why. We dont see the requirement for this permission, I may delete this app. Also why allow ads if your paying for voice time.	bug report
I have used text now for years on and off this last time I go to use it it goes completely whack i dont get it...	bug report
New UI on mobile is so bad. Who ever made the changes clearly doesn't use the app at all. I don't know why people are able to change core features on stuff that they have no knowledge about.	feature request
Won't log on	bug report
I have had to try to make calls on this app. I am really not happy with that part of the app. Not sure what was going on but I couldn't hear the other party very well. J do have a big issue with it though. I had phone issues and my account got deleted. When I reinstalled the app and tried to restore my account there was nothing there. I had to start over from scratch. I lost a lot of important information.	bug report
Almost 99% I am happy using Skype, so thank you.	irrelevant information
Since update it always bug at the connection I need to do Airplane mode then turn it off to get connected again.	bug report
When i use an emoticon, like :) or :( , i want the emoticon. Not your garbage emojis Revert the awful ui changes	feature request
GroupMe app is letting me stay in touch with friends with out the junk of other messenger apps.	irrelevant information
Don't always get my earned credit,sometimes the videos. Won't load.but it's an app that I've used for over 5 years. It has its ups and downs,but it's better than the others. That's why I always end up coming back to it	bug report
I pay for a yearly and monthly service. The app is bad, voice messages don't load, calls drop, overall it's a bass app.	bug report
Great app to get in touch with the entire family at once on a daily basis.	irrelevant information
It's a good place to talk to your friends but there's alot of pedophiles that try to mess with minors	irrelevant information
The secured social media. I appreciate it to use freely and personally transfer data. And tha only one request is please update the app for easy to use.	feature request
AMOLED theme is no longer working.	bug report
For desktop it's damn good... But for mobile very slow should compare with wtsap and other app response tym	bug report
Some texts don't go through.  If I send two texts simultaneously one often errors and won't send.  It kills my battery in no time whether I am using it or not.  I think it's the ads constantly updating. I went from 100% charge to 79% in 17 mins.  and the only app I used was this one. It slows my Internet connection to a crawl.	bug report
It would be awesome if it didn't freeze every now and then or have a mean delay on sending ave receiving messages	bug report
Developers are incompetent and give horrible forced updates that users don't want and protest. These updates cannot be reverted back. The new UI changes are awful.	feature request
Bit disappointed all the channels and threads keep disappearing and I can't use it, used to resolve if I uninstalled and reinstalled the app however it's not having any of it this time, can't use it other than to private message people 🤷 any suggestions?	bug report
I tried to delete some old accounts so I could fix them and they haven't been deleted yet and now I have no way to contact my friends, when I try to log in on a different device it kicked me out of my account and for some reason it uses the same email on 2 different accounts and now I can't make a new one.	bug report
Brilliant app. Better than standard sms app and so much better than whatscrap, messenger etc. I hear they're taking away sms support. This would be a mistake and wouldn't be worth using anymore.	feature request
Very convenient tool for decentralized communications	irrelevant information
Stop Updating, You're Making It Worse!!!!! New update makes servers harder to find, changes the layout for no reason. What happened to Tumblr is now happening to Discord and that's a shame. 90% of my "texting" communication is done on Discord and every user I've talked to (200+ people across a dozen servers) all hate it.	feature request
After update new discord. I facing issues audio..which is I cannot hear my friend voice even change to speaker mode. It still use phone mode..please fix it asap.	bug report
Messages photos... takes a lot of time to be sent even hours. Video Call will show ringing or calling but it won't show up in the other person's phone. Quality of Video and audio is pore and often pixlated or can't hear/distorted Note: I do have fast internet with low latency And it's on Both end too ( The person I am texting with )	bug report
I love this app but like theres so many inappropriate pictures that child shouldn't see.	irrelevant information
It's working fine for now.	irrelevant information
It is helping me get closer to God and my sisters in Christ doing studying and prayer groups.	irrelevant information
Wtfluff I set my date to the right one but it still says I have the wrong date well u guys have the wrong BRAIN!	bug report
Too many clicks to send a photo. Calls sometimes low quality with interruptions, although internet good. Otherwise OK.	bug report
The new UI is honestly terrible, normally stuff like this shouldn't be too bad and should get some used to, but the UI is actually way to messy to comprehend.	feature request
No facebook is a huge issue I don't want to verify with facebook	bug report
Miss calls or cant tex out	bug report
Why this app do not work on the 4g network	bug report
So much picture quality and voice clarity	irrelevant information
Its good. But was better before MS takeover	feature request
good, what would be great is that y'all start doing annual/ monthly for ppl who CANT do weekly!!!!!	feature request
it's not letting me log in & i tried to reset password but it says check your internet connection	bug report
It's a pretty good app only thing that sucks is that you have to download apps to add minutes.	feature request
Good app but if you want people to like you. You need nitro	feature request
it is very efficient and clean when compared to other messaging apps.	irrelevant information
It's incredibly slow when logging in, while typing the user and password,	bug report
It's ok bu5 sometimes has trouble with connecting calls	bug report
I think that the spam nudity needs to be controlled!	feature request
With limited service I can't even log in.	bug report
Please add automatic speaker to in-ear speaker switching when for video is turned off. Everything is PERFECT .	feature request
It's ok not the best . Hard to search for people	irrelevant information
with each update they have been changing more and more features about the app, in the most recent they changed the entire layout of what they have had since i was 12, the more they change stuff for the worse the less i want to use this app and all my friends say the same thing	feature request
Its not the same as how it use to be, you could change the color of your page now you cant do that anymore i wonder why ?	bug report
its a great way to communicate	irrelevant information
I tried sending messages and it not going trul. And my calls are not going trul too	bug report
I don't usually leave reviews, but the changes to the UI are absolutely ridiculous. What's even more ridiculous is that they removed the option to go back to the old one.	feature request
Not getting notifications well enough,...just strange interface. Updates of messages can malfunction ...keep missing messages	bug report
The recent Discord update has left many users dissatisfied, primarily due to a variety of changes that have disrupted the user experience. One of the major concerns is the revamped interface, which some argue is less intuitive and user-friendly compared to the previous version. The new layout and design alterations have led to confusion among users, hindering their ability to navigate the platform.	feature request
Nice and it's totally ok	irrelevant information
For the past few months you aren't able to sign up with an email. It's still not working I'm not able to sign up with an email. Are you people even working on the app ffs	bug report
What is happening!?!?!?  I have tried to sign up (I've never had Skype) and it says i have to many Microsoft accounts	bug report
Good so far. Will update my opinion after further use.	irrelevant information
I really appreciate the app and like having it at my fingertips.	irrelevant information
The perfect messaging app. Elegant, simple, with messaging and privacy core at its design. I got sick of whatsapp as it keeps ballooning up with more features turning it into a bastard child of snapchat and youtube. I love signal, especially its clean design and excellent voice quality. Go for it.	irrelevant information
Best text and call app out there. Even if u have a plan it's good to have a extra. Maybe I'm feeling like rating giving thumbs all the way up exelent	irrelevant information
Absolutely adore the people I've met on this app as long as I've had it. But the new layout? Worst decision for the app. It sucks trying to get around now cause WAYYYY too much stuff got changed that literally wasn't needed. Old layout was much better.	feature request
me to a chat, I get the notification, but I can't actually access the group	bug report
Always a bad conection an call drops soon as you answer the phone flustrated but it free can't complain	bug report
Text messages are shown as sent on the other person's phone but don't show up on mine until hours later, my messages don't go through to theirs at all sometimes, calls won't show up as a notification on mine or theirs, and sometimes they connect but there's no audio. Textfree is a much better alternative, because none of that ever happened when I used it.	bug report
The new layout is horrible, it's unnecessarly complicated. I'm sorry but I'm having a hard time processing this new update...the sadness is overwhelming 😞	feature request
its a cool app but how come I can't get the messege to pop up on my screen??	bug report
calling component, Microsoft almost kill this app!!	bug report
Garbage UI and money hungry	feature request
The app seems to be getting worse and worse with each update	bug report
Works ok. Memory hog.	bug report
Newest update dropping SMS renders this app useless. Goodbye Signal.	bug report
Very bad App	bug report
App is great, but why does my mobile data does not work with Discord. I would send a text, and it would not send until I connect to another source of data	feature request
Pretty nice easier than any other app	irrelevant information
I have good Internet connection and I can't make phone calls. Have a galaxy s4	bug report
trash changes numbers n deletes app by self there is something sneaky with this app ... who can i speak with to recieve my missing information ..they reset my number again without a notice to warn me !!!!	bug report
I cannot recommend this app whatsoever! The very first day of trying to register its automated police accused me of violating terms of our agreement before i had even registered! I filed an appeal and after 2 weeks i am still banned with no rhyme nor reason EVER given and appeals never answered! Very diappointing Customer Service! Thank you for your response. I live in the USA, in a highly populated area. I tried on 3 different occassions to contact your customer service, to no avail.	bug report
Does not download as a proper app icon on my samsung, so have to go on line and find, install and log in everytime!!! General format quiet annoying. Calls are ok, but expensive. Also only invited to rate when I give a call 5 stars on quality. So lots of people experienceing poor call quality don't get to rate this app. All said, at least I can make calls!	bug report
Anyone know how to uninstall an update?	irrelevant information
Struck with a msg - "Signal is updating" since 2days left for hours to get updates. Happening after the recent update. Need quick help on this regard!!!	bug report
Too many scammers using it.	irrelevant information
Have used this app for 3 years and never had any issues with this app until a week ago. I stopped receiving notifications when I had an incoming text. Have uninstalled and reinstalled several time with no luck. If I could receive notifications I would love this app again.	bug report
This update sucks. I deserve to delete	bug report
Get logged out every few days, which means I have to log in every time again. And there is still no account switch functionality	bug report
it always worked well before but when using it now on mobile, it's so buggy. i can't even connect to calls! when i tried it on my laptop it did connect but then it's stuck in "connecting" when i switched to my mobile. it's so annoying	bug report
THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP APP EVER SINCE IT HAS BEEN ON ANDROID!!!!!! HOW CAN YOU HAVE SUCH AN EFFICIENT APP ON THE APP STORE BUT NOT HERE? NEEDS UPDATE	bug report
Forced to use it for work. It gets the job done. The app itself is fantastic. I'm just salty over having to keep up on hundreds of messages a day over 16 active chats.	irrelevant information
there has been an issue with discord lately I can't tag anyone when i send pictures or videos please fix this then ill make my review 5 stars	bug report
ok I'm liking it but I tried to set a wallpaper and it doesn't work I have default ringtone set through both here AND my boost phone service and it uses a default ring tone it wants to use not the one I set. What's the point in having to ability to set these things if the app just dies what it wants anyways?	bug report
The only thing that suks is nitro make it free man	feature request
People kick me out of the calls , what the hell!	bug report
I'm trying to change my banner but it doesn't let save my changes, like I'm trying to click on the save button but it doesn't let me click, like there is no button.	bug report
Great app to be social!	irrelevant information
Discord is great. The mobile version has many lacked and this is mostly due to a bazillion different versions of phone and making it work on them all...but can I please allow my phones screen to turn off and STAY in a channel or call. It makes using this thing like a phone a PAIN or atm I don't have a pc mic so I'm gaming but I have to wake up and reconnect my phone each 10 minutes the max I can allow the screen to be on, just to stay in coms	feature request
this is a very good app. In this, great care is taken for the privacy of users.	irrelevant information
They are very good and i like it.	irrelevant information
Pros 1. Highlight a text bubble and get top two lines for reference on a reply 2. Easy to use text format 3. Use phone number like Google and other SMS- Cons 1. Cannot highlight and reply to text other than the top two lines 2 no text editing and style or formatting 3. No voicemail	feature request
Didn't send or recive msg on time . Many times	bug report
Just a good all around app!	irrelevant information
since I reinstalled Skype on my phone have been having issues using it and it loads and whilst chatting goes off in less than a minute	bug report
Can't hear me	bug report
Why does it give an error when entering the application and does not allow entry ?!	bug report
Nice but want to Improve voice clarity. Skype and viber are the best	feature request
great free service	irrelevant information
Very useful. Although when I want to try the $2.99 plan It suddenly display $9.99 So I would like to know more info about the first plan.	feature request
Consistently good 👍.	irrelevant information
It's another very nifty phone app everyone can use. Unless you don't have a phone number.	irrelevant information
It's OK bit when wanted to go  Bk on iloged t me of and could not get bk in	bug report
There is Issue in Skype in UAE, Please Solve this Issue	bug report
Meah it works in a pinch but it doesn't replace the cell chip	irrelevant information
Before the update it worked perfect but now it doesn't work since it has a new update. I don't receive calls or text anyone. Terrible app now	bug report
The calls could be free!!!	feature request
It says the Signal is not optimised for Android 14, and so refuses to recognise touches. Sometimes closing and restarting the app works.	bug report
After update it don't let me know someone texted or called an now when I open it. It closes right away.  Fix that an it will be good	bug report
Sound and reception is Horabel .	bug report
Way too many invasive ads. It works though...	irrelevant information
What the actual hell is the new ui? Don't break what works fine, th discord	feature request
my Skype keeps freezing on me. Im unable to type, move, nor leave. Please fix the bugs. Skype had been a really great app.	bug report
This is a better way to keep a running group text thread going instead of searching through all your previous text messages.	feature request
Frustrating app! I don't get notified until hours (sometimes DAYS) after somebody has texted or called me. That's my biggest issue. Also, app ALWAYS glitches and shuts down whenever Im on it. Calls get cut off every time. Ill be on the phone, and suddenly it just randomly ends every 5 minutes for no reason. Also, Ads start randomly blasting while im mid-call, to the point where the person on the other end can hear, too. Super annoying.	bug report
Interesting app. Easy group or private text/chat.	irrelevant information
This app is good but if any phone call is connected while the skype call is on we can't hear back the voice after the phone call is disconnected. We have to disconnect the call and dial them back which is the only option. This is lingering and apps getting hanged sometimes though the network is good. Not sure what could be the reason. Voice call and call ring quality is not upto the mark. This works wonderfully in WhatsApp but lags here in skype	bug report
The app is definitely hormonal!!	irrelevant information
the new update is so bad. i cant even open someones camera full screen on call, it takes 50 clicks to work. and when i go to another app it turns off their camera and i ahve to rejoin to reconnect it. the servers and chats being on different tabs are annoying and you cant swipe to see people in a chat anymore either. the new update makes me want to delete the app and never use it again. every single thing just got so much more complicated than it needs to be. bring the old discord back	bug report
Pretty lame they make you get the plus version in order to receive Verification codes	feature request
To many adds and things up on you every 2 hours of talk time	bug report
How do you set your email address	irrelevant information
Was working fine i updated to the note20 now when i go in the settings of a group the app crashes	bug report
Having trouble sending and receiving texts	bug report
Right after logging in comes a contact sync page where none of the two links, or the one toggle button to opt out of synching, are functional. Restarting the app doesn't help. That's malice, not incompetence. The app is unusable if I don't let it sync contacts. That error wouldn't be made by a big corpo, and would be fixed quickly if it were.	bug report
there are no free phone calls you have to buy air time but there is free texting	irrelevant information
Doesn't work, couldn't even log in after signing up. Edit: to clarify, it lets me fully make an account but afterwards it prompts me to log in. When I go to log in it just does nothing. It sends me back to the log in page with the boxes empty	bug report
Nothing is working the buttons don't press	bug report
Would give it a 5 star rate but call drops after 4 hours an we can't get a text now sim card in Canada they should make it unlimited like as if it was an actual line make an exception for those who use this that's not in the United States	bug report
I have an LG G3 and can't edit my number. Currently a random number exists linked with my Email account. The Edit page has clear formatting bug(s). Until this bug is fixed it's useless.	bug report
I am discord dev since 2019 , I see a lot of updates and features that been add to discord since 2017 , right know I using version 174 because in my current country iran ,discord is filterd by government and I can not upload any music pictures videos gifs , I just can use the voice rooms and video sharing or streaming features, as a developer from discord I had to use and experience this new version, I hope discord find a way to help and support users in Iran .	feature request
Great app, sometimes you don't get verification codes though	bug report
app consistently doesnt fit my screen, and i often have to restart the whole app to fix it. it does it with pictures and sometimes when i enter call its bigger than my screen so much i can't even put it on speaker, its been doing this ever since yall came out w the new ui of discord, its super annoying please fix	bug report
If you are new to chat servers, make sure you find someone to help you navigate this app - especially if you use an android phone! Would be nice if more personalization were free or could be purchased a la carte.	feature request
This was way worse than I expected. I spent 20 MINUTES on making and account. It didn't even want my confirmation code and just straight up went to the What's your name?	bug report
This app is ok not the best though reception is horrible through this app	bug report
Done with signal, removing SMS support means the app is pointless now. Ciao	bug report
Very easy to set up and use.	irrelevant information
Great app! Will change to 5 stars when you allow me to use it on my Galaxy tablet and sync it to my phone just like you have it on the iPad. Also please allow for scheduling messages. Otherwise it's great!	feature request
It keeps clutching and telling me that I was never in a group. I've had this app for a lil over a month and I've been in multiple groups!	bug report
Most of the time the application is good.	irrelevant information
I don't like this new update .... Its sluggish and whole interface looks immature not modern	feature request
Not sure why it's not working...has always seemed to in the past, even if the quality of the call wasn't always good. But now I can't hear the ringer whether I'm trying to make or receive a call!- Tried to even re-download again, and like other reviewers, I hate to have to find a different App, and therefore have to get a new number!- Put this number on job applications. Wish I could just blame it on the internet.. GRR..	bug report
Works great as long as u shut it down and restart it often	bug report
Security sucks	bug report
It's ok but should be able to delete conversations.	feature request
Functional, private and without that WhatsApp feeling that makes you feel like your friends are visiting you at work when you're talking to them. It doesn't have a lot of the bells and whistles Telegram has, but I felt like it does the important things better without feature overload.	irrelevant information
Everyone always complains of an echo when I call them.	bug report
Its a good app very helpful when you can't afford a phone plan, easy to use, awesome they offer a full service for a dollar. Cons: doesn't always tell you when you get calls or texts you just see a missed call sometimes that doesn't even show up and hard to hear the otherside during a call cuts out or drops quite frequently. I do appreciate the app overall! Thank you to the people who created it I understand its an adjustment with the ads, etc. but Hey! for a free app you guys did great! Thx:)	bug report
This new update is not ideal, the icons are cute and the media tab is nice, but swiping to see members lists was very useful, and it felt much more user friendly. Now that we are all used to that, swiping and suddenly replying is not helpful at all!!!	feature request
GET THE OLD LAYOUT BACK!! OLD LAYOUT WAS GOATED	feature request
I love how this app keeps my family together, even though we all have different devices. Thank you.	irrelevant information
It functions. Usually.	irrelevant information
I just joined Discord because of a game group. Overall I like the app and what we can do with it but the connection issues are too much. I don't have acces to WiFi most of the day, I use data all the time and its very annoying to have the app connecting every 5min.	feature request
Though the app is very interesting and helpful But I'd like it if you can work on removing 2nd factor authenticator when you are logged out.... You can check the binance app to understand what I mean It's really painful to lose an account due to authenticator	feature request
Slow in my Mobile	bug report
Very good there when you need it Ok 1	irrelevant information
Good qu ality communication	irrelevant information
Frezzing too much can you guys fix it.. not workinggg	bug report
Poor usability. First it wanted to access my phone contacts, which I do not like. Then, I tried to connect with someone sitting across from me, but neither of 7s were able to figure out how to do that. Other messenger apps feature convenient search methods like usernames, QR code scanning or proximity scanning. Not this one. Also, I tried to install it on my computer, but the Linked devices step failed with an unhelpful "Network connection failed" error, even though I was definitely online.	bug report
Text free is useful , When your phone has nothing but WiFi too run off of.. So I would recommend it to my friends , Just would like to have more Settings  for stickers and wall paper.	feature request
Excellent app for the navy groups but it could really use some video chats.	feature request
I can barely hear the other person, alot of times I can't make calls	bug report
Very good app for teaching, work and hanging out with friends or family online.	irrelevant information
It's a good app but often my vc doesn't work when the app is perfectly fine, it would often keep me on 'connecting to call' for minutes and then kick me out of the vc again and other people aren't able to hear me, but besides that the app is a good ap	bug report
open it it's not even clear where to go to make a phone call, it involves	bug report
Great app. Devs added unwanted features to divide things into categories that shouldn't have been moved. Also you made a server based architecture and then have the default page as messages. This isn't an sms thing it's a community thing and it seems like you don't want that as much	feature request
Icons and buttons are constantly bugging out especially in DM's, the format of the app is irritating to navigate and it's constantly lagging. (I use Samsung.)	bug report
great app you have to try it out	irrelevant information
I rarely use this app and now I've been banned for violating the terms of use? For what? Not using your app enough? No, I don't care enough to file an appeal with your company. Id rather change my review from a 5 star to a 1 star where it hurts you the most. Stupid	bug report
There's of the best app i ever had I don't even have to have a sim	irrelevant information
It works great and it nice but I wish u didn't need wifi tho but overall it's great	feature request
i cant seem to find my code.	bug report
this update is... bad. beyond my personal gripes about how much more difficult the ui is to navigate, ive never had more issues with the app before. images refuse to send, messages dont send or send in batches, and channels and channel text display incorrectly. i was not given a choice in updating despite having auto updates off (and yes, i checked, this is the most recent version). i cant believe this update was pushed out when it barely functions.	bug report
everytime closed can't open	bug report
Love Discord on desktop, but the app is getting worse. Several of my settings I can't access because they open in a tiny window that's impossible to resize or move. I can't send voice messages, cause I have to "hold to record" and then there's no way to send, cause it's "release to cancel" and I can't press the send button cause then I'd have to release first. It's the most infuriating loop and it feels so intentionally infuriating.	feature request
I cannot view the chats I'm in on this app. I have to log in through an actual computer. Defeats the entire purpose of groupme!	bug report
UPDATE Oct 2023: NO FIX YET, NO CHAT BACKUP SINCE 8 MONTHS, DISAPPOINTED (5 start - 1 star) . The app 'was' great. However, since the last couple of updates the backups are failing. I get a message saying "Backup failed - Your recent backup could not be created and verified. Please create a new one." Before this the backups used to get stuck at 99.9% and would stay there, resulting in overheating of the phone. I'm using Samsung galaxy S20+. Kindly fix this issue immediately, thank you.	bug report
the app always cut's itself off	bug report
Works well with words and pictures. Group function is useful.	irrelevant information
I can't see other people's cameras their cameras are always off	bug report
Garbage totally. Don't do anything right.	bug report
Keeps freezing all of a sudden ugh ..can't text because of the freezing and lag. I have high speed internet so its not my connection...	bug report
This was an awesome app until it wouldn't send my messages. It will say it sent but I'll ask the person and they said they didn't get it plz fix	bug report
It keeps saying unabale to connect server. Kept trying, and then it blocks me for 4hr until i try to log in. Need to fix this ASAP	bug report
If I wanted it I'd of ask for it STOP. Get out of my phone 🖕	irrelevant information
It's not letting me down load text talk app	bug report
If I could get codes if love it	feature request
The loss of SMS support makes this app nearly useless. I referred Signal to friends with that understanding. I've contributed a couple times too, which I now regret.	bug report
I use this app to stay in contact with ALL MY SISTERS AND THERE WAS A TIME I used to love the app but, now it's has gotten to where I don't get any notifications. no matter how many times i update or refresh my phone.	bug report
Trash it's keeps n refuces to let erase personal info	bug report
tons of features, jumbled up UI, hugest user base!	irrelevant information
Ever since the new update, everything has gone downhill. I had no issues with the previous layout, but now that this update has been brought around, it's messed up everything for me. Audio doesn't get transmitted through my headphones, some people (regardless of what I do) can't hear me, and overall the new layout/update is soooooo confusing. Maybe I'm just used to the old one, but I hate this update. ATLEAST give us an option on layout.	feature request
This app sucks donkey d@$k. It's always dropping my call. The conversation is delayed. And there is all way an echo on the other end. So yeah.this app suck big old monkey nu??s	bug report
Thank you for making this app more difficult to navigate. Edit: I wish you had not made it an involuntary update to change the layout. I have my 2 cents in the settings where it asked for my opinion on the new layout. Edit: if you'd be happy to help, make the UI change optional.	feature request
I can not Activate my Galaxy J3 Emerge, and I Purchased it from Textnow	bug report
Just started using Skype please is it free	irrelevant information
squiggly line...I've updatdd it and it still isn't working....?	bug report
Family is a bunch of security freaks (a very good thing) and this is the only way we're comfortable with any meaningful conversation. I'm happy.	irrelevant information
Why is the text that I'm typing black in night mode in the pop out windows? I can't see anything	bug report
buy credit. They won't accept any of my information to unlock and have no	bug report
Solid app although sometimes it has issues with sending/receiving. They've announced they're moving away from SMS support which is what set it apart from other apps like Telegram. So I'm switching over to telegram for my secured communiques.	feature request
Allot of staic and hardly much sound	bug report
My Skype has completely stopped responding for a week already, and despite me sending many feedback reports and requests for assistance, I haven't received any response or help, and I'm unable to do my job because of this	bug report
This version is not good ..it is slow and mute button is also not working properly.	bug report
Why is it called text free when it's not and shows up when you search for free wifi calling	bug report
Use it more than I use my phone	irrelevant information
Cool app, that's all?!	irrelevant information
For whatever reason, sending images has been acting up a lot over the last few months. First, I occasionally can't actually see the image until I close & re-open the app. Now, I'm unable to send images as replies? This seems to only affect the app, files sent on desktop work as intended Discord's a pretty good platform to use normally, but problems like these have been heavily bringing down the experience.	bug report
Pretty much sucks. Use Signal app.	bug report
The worst app that put out on the market it don't as it say it block your calls with all those pop up adds you can't make phone call it drop every call that made who ever put this out should be well put it this way don't waste ur time	bug report
Used to be awesome, but just installed on my latest tablet, and can only text now. Cannot make phone calls , it's just says "connecting..." But never connects ????? What is up????	bug report
some sexually explicit or suggestive search results. Until then, no thanks!	irrelevant information
Half the time the channels in a server disappear on me even though I got a strong connection, So I then have to delete and reinstall about 10 times a day, it's a joke that I have to do that in the first place	bug report
Not all texts go through. Leads to miscommunication. Can't talk to other text app people...they can't hear you, you can't hear them. Typical bugs for a free app but still can mostly stay in touch.	bug report
It said theI had broken the terms and use by trying to set up whatsapp	bug report
Great app. Can we have stories tab on skype too where we upload 24 hr pictures compilation for our contacts ??	feature request
The recent UI change is a pain to use and the clarity is bad. I preferred how it was before the update. I liked how you could swipe left for the user list and swipe right for servers and DMs. Please just change it back.	feature request
Very buggy... cannot tap on anything. The touch doesn't work even though the app is not frozen.	bug report
This app is very easy to use. The design is straight forward. I don't like that I can't delete unnecessary or outdated conversations. Other than that, it's a nice messaging app.	feature request
Just got on ut and so far liking it alot	irrelevant information
It works in a pinch.	irrelevant information
I love this app. No problem	irrelevant information
It's so laggy? I type out a message and it takes the text ages to catch up with the words. I can't just scroll through a listing online contacts anymore? Where's my mood msg via phone? Why do each of the conversations have to update so heavily when you exit them for a second? Where's the hovering Skype notification that's just open in the drop down? But hey, at least I'm finally getting notifications again...	bug report
I've had zero issues across three phones, and I believe in my constitutional right to privacy. Just download it already. Should come default in my opinion. Edit: Had to lower my rating due to the announcement of dropping SMS support. Now I have to maintain two apps just to send messages. The unified UX that I got using Signal as SMS, and secure messaging, and the labels to let me know which messages were secure, was more than enough for me. Sad to see it go.	feature request
The redesign is awful. Navigation got harder and even the only reason I really need this app, to see which friends and server members are online, got nearly impossible???	feature request
It's kind of annoying because I can't get a verification code from text	bug report
I dont know why dischord likes to punish their mobile users so much. I went from being able to watch screen shares, to struggling to get them to load, and now they wont even load	bug report
Works well on wifi anywhere in the world And a good back up number.	irrelevant information
It's decent. I used to use it a lot, I use Discord more. Skype actually let's me send videos tho.	irrelevant information
In this i app i want frogot password button but ap better	feature request
Make it to where it's at least 11+. I'm 12 and it's stupid that I have to make new accounts. That's the only thing I can talk to my friends on, and they keep asking me why I add them. I find it annoying and stupid. Also, a bunch of 11 year olds use this app. SO LET ME USE ITTTTT	feature request
First impression was horrible I couldn't even get pass the CAPTCHA not to talk of verifying my phone number. Very bad	bug report
Acha hain but needs stability improvement	bug report
It's not too shabby, with the exception of how promptly messages are received. Sometimes, they come a bit later than they should.	bug report
Awesome messaging app when you don't have enough room on a regular group chat on your texting app!!!	feature request
Great when competing with friends and family.	irrelevant information
I was really happy with the app until it updated the other day. Now it keeps logging itself out. I preferred when it stayed logged in all the time. Now im constantly having to relogin. I checked the settings but it doesn't seem like it can be fixed?	bug report
The app works floor less but my phone keeps breaking I'm on my fourth phone I don't want to know again about Android never again I'm switching to iPhone this is crazy crack and everything the screen	irrelevant information
Lost my number and now it freezes trying to get a new one. Idk whats wrong with it. Came here looking to update it. Theres a text free: voice app now from the same company so I downloaded that. Hopefully it also lets my pick my number like this one did. Should have just paid to keep my number, I really liked the one I had...	bug report
My app finally updated when I wasn't looking and hell, people weren't over reacting with the new UI changes. Discord is actively making the interface harder to use, the biggest change is the removed swipe to side features in place of having to press multiple buttons now instead to get where you want. But hey, we users don't get to complain as we just have to get used to the new UI they rollout every half a year. At least until a competitor provides a better platform and we leave.	feature request
Excelente app,and bery helpeable,,	irrelevant information
I ok but I don't  want it	irrelevant information
that's good	irrelevant information
It was nice but ya there are some problem creations . The voice sometimes become non audible and the video gets freezed but still it's good. I would request to support the users without any discomfort by just reacting or taking an action to the problems that are created and making it a lil more advanced and that could make u the best.	feature request
my phone discord always force to closed everytime i play mobile game. please fix this.	bug report
This app is a Kroc!!! Besides the damn annoying ADS getting in your way of texting!!!! The damn app wont even open or update, and I've emailed you guys over and over with no RESPONSE!!!!!!!!!	bug report
Love this app work way better then the other ones	irrelevant information
Grrr says i was logged out and wont let me log back in fix please!!!!!!!!!!	bug report
Use to be good till I updated it... now it won't even load, and yes I'm on data with a stable connection. Other apps work, and I'm currently on data atm... so the update has an issue... best to roll back till its resolved...	bug report
CONGRATULATIONS YOU TOOK MY LIFE IT WASN'T MUCH OF ONE, BUT IT WAS MINE	irrelevant information
I was unable to pass the desired area code screen.	bug report
Was working great now havevto wait hrs before message delivered to one person. Only one person I have and was working great now hardly works at all... not sure what to do	bug report
love it but u can't see links or coded so I was thinking about giving it a 1 star but if they fix that I will it at a 5 star cause I not paying money.	feature request
have same number, for 3+ years... easy to use and add minutes!!	irrelevant information
Well, all of a sudden it just stopped working. Giving me some kind of error. What gives??	bug report
Excellent private services that don't give out your phone number to buyers like meta n twitter... no.1 for a reason.. open source so can be audited	feature request
This app switched so fast I want old TextNow back cause they make you pay just to send verfications that's why I'm quiting TextNow	bug report
Good for talking to friends but make nitro cheaper like come on the things it gives you just ain't worth 12.99AUD either add more benefits to it or lower the damm price	feature request
Skype used to work but on mobile it's complete trash. I get calls but I can never answer, I can't call, and I can't message. It's always saying ''connecting" Even though my WiFi is at full bars. I'm very disappointed	bug report
Very buggy these days - swapping between apps causes the video on either end of callers to stop showing at all :(	bug report
Good app but need more work. First the lag. I can type or call someone without spamming my phone. Second the phone number. If you dont use it for a while it gives you a new number and I use the number I get for verification and when I get a new number whatever I used for a verification with the old number is now gone. Thanks a LOT.	bug report
Keeps crashing on evo	bug report
It got stable	bug report
The absolute best app for preserving privacy. In a world where cyber privacy is difficult to achieve, Signal gave me the security and peace of mind I was seeking.	irrelevant information
House effect	irrelevant information
Excellent app until they announced they are getting rid of SMS support.	feature request
It's an ok app I find myself having to resend alot of my msgs so that's a downer	bug report
My team is always connected	irrelevant information
The app was good but i closed my account and was still charged for my subscription. It wont let me cancel my subscription	bug report
Service is spotty even with good wifi	bug report
it's okay. ads kinda annoying (I pay for the number, but I don't see a pay to remove ads).	irrelevant information
This place is a scam I bought a sim card over 2 weeks and there is no way to get a hold of someone to help you activate your card. Then you check the sim card and the app says somebody is already using it.!!. FU#K Y@U	irrelevant information
I am not receiving text messages. the pop up will show up and sound that I have a text however I am not able to see and read them	bug report
Good app only problem is it uses mobile data if you don't have there special sim card.	feature request
It's an "okay" app overall. Sometimes conversations did not pop up right away so that was not convenient at all. But other than that, it's alright.	feature request
its a good app but i wish they can do factime 😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟😟	feature request
I take a star every time it asks me to rate it after I've already done so. Tick tock.	bug report
Overall a very good app for group messaging, however, direct messages can be a little quirky. I find that I do no get notifications when I get a the first direct message from someone. I'm hoping this will eventually be fixed	feature request
you can' use this app without a phone #.	feature request
The functionality of the new update is infuriating. It's slower, the color options are awful, and the DM vs Server pages is so much more difficult to use. Seriously, why	feature request
Never had any problem	irrelevant information
Don't like the calling, messes up alot.	bug report
App works perfectly fine there are no bugs but one thing that bothers me is that they should add a feature of pausing a voice message while recording.	feature request
I can never hear the person on the other line and/or it does not allow the other person to hear me. 8 out of 10 times it will hang up on its own mid conversation or it will not hang up at all and will not allow me to end a conversation in which case i will have to reset my phone to fix such problem. Other than that, the texting I've had no problems with thus far, and its a blessing and much appreciated to have such an app when I need to use it..	bug report
Useful for a variety of different groups. Kids, sports, Scouts, etc.	irrelevant information
Makes you get a account eventually. At least to my prior experience.	irrelevant information
It was great, but now I never get my texts', even when I log in! I have to refresh the app or force stop it an log back in to receive text, fix please! This is my only way of communication with the outside world! Lol	bug report
Wish they had a paid version without ads and a way to edit the vibration alert setting, And a way to disable screen wake up when you get a new message	feature request
Great app to stay included	irrelevant information
Usually I don't leave reviews but this has me so upset that I actually came to leave one, the new update has so many problems it's ridiculous. The one particularly annoying one is that it freezes on one channel in a server or conversation and you have to restart the app to fix it, then you back and there's like 20 Spam messages of the same thing. The old version was better and didn't need to be fixed imo. 😒 It's fine on desktop tho the app is just bleh.	bug report
The desktop version is fine but the new mobile version is horrendous, it's so hard to navigate.	feature request
Great concept for users who need a 2nd phone number but dont want to spend an arm and a leg with more traditional services. That said, the call quality/reliability is horrible even with strong wifi connectivty. I have no issue with other apps like skype or google voice, but one phone call dropped 4 times with textfree and cut out 50% of the time or more. The ads are also annoying. I would recommend one of the many other apps on the market, same service but better quality	bug report
It's been a 5 star app for over a year but this latest update to an uglier "balloon" style UI comes with massive bugs. I have to close the app and reopen to see other channels inside my server and sometimes even doing that won't work. Your basic navigation is broken and buggy with this past update. If it wasn't for the desktop app, I would have to stop using it. It might be time to look for another platform.	bug report
Please reply soon! How do I join on PS5 after this update?!?! The button is gone!!!	bug report
I like it very much. I love it that my phone doesn't go off non stop from regular group text. It's all in the app and I can choose when to check it 💖	irrelevant information
This will always be in my phone but,Can someone Call collect on this app	feature request
Messaging works well for me, but switching menus and the like is difficult; it lags and freezes which sometimes causes other issues. I can join calls, but I can't hear anyone so it's completely pointless.	bug report
The new update sucks! They seperated servers and messsges. They made a whole bunch more steps too see who is in the server. They just made everything inconvinient! The only good thing about the update is Midnight mode.	feature request
Lately I was told that the telephone lines to Sweden were cranky and they could not hear me properly. Could you take care of this problem. Thanks.	bug report
Every time i turn around it force closes to the point i have to uninstall the app and reinstall it to get it to work. I dont always get my messages and it doesnt always ring when i get a call. I have done plenty of trouble shooting and i am sure my phone needs an unavailable software update but your app should work on every phone if you want to be considered any good. I had a previous phone break on me and it worked better on that phone but still had issues.	bug report
You needs to keep refreshing to get new texts but other that that its a good app	bug report
whenever i opened the app through the notif drawer it would endlessly be connecting, sometimes the keyboard would glitch out too, but overall pretty good	bug report
Bad experience...not working good. It's not not sending massages, not uploading my photos, always showing connection error or check connection.	bug report
app. Moving on to something useful	feature request
Ok beside load slow had problem so do not try it again yet but I will	bug report
When you make calls it doesn't start ringing.	bug report
I used to love discord but ever since the recent updates it sucks. It no longer sends out notifications, it freezes constantly, and calls disconnect if you so much as touch your phone. And that's if you can get the app to open without your phone saying theirs a bug that won't allow you open the app. It closes you out frequently for no reason. When it works I love the setup and how easy it is to talk to my friends but it's to hard right now	bug report
Great app. Easy to use. Have to completely close the app to edit roles though. Super buggy on that aspect.	bug report
It does it's job as well as group texts except easier to add or remove people without having to start new groups.	feature request
Wouldn't leave me alone to enjoy the damn app. Kept asking for a review do here is one.	irrelevant information
It's the best for me	irrelevant information
love how it dosent cost anything	irrelevant information
Other than some delays in receiving text but oh boy when its comes to making or receiving calls its just a nightmare	bug report
I loved this app but recently it started crashing whenever I opened up a text chain! Plz fix	bug report
Just as private and encrypted as the app claims. And it also features video calling and voice calling. It is just like messenger, but with a hell of a lot more security. If I could afford the premium then I would. But yes all the features of messenger except for the big Jew nose of Zuckerberg sniffing away at your privacy!!!!!!!!! Thanks signal private messaging team! I will definitely have to spread the word on my onlyfans channel! Do you guys have any stickers or help with marketing?	irrelevant information
I've been using Skype since before Microsoft and I'm amazed at how low the app has fallen (PC version too). In the latest installment of "things going wrong", if you dare switch the app while on a call, the whole system falls apart. It creates a weird dual window setup with a random app and if you make the mistake to kill that, you lose access to the application and also your back gesture. Force stopping the app is the only way out of that. Seriously, do something about this thing!	bug report
Not cool removing SMS support, I used signal as my primary and now have to go back and forth just isn't worth keeping signal anymore, I loved the fact I was able to send pics and videos to iPhone user who didn't have android and it not get Pixelated or compressed is what made me switch to signal especially when the network became an issue not receiveing or sending my regular messages because of being in limbo with wifi and the network until I switched to signal.	feature request
Nice app for video chat	irrelevant information
this app is not as user friendly as the iphone app	bug report
Acting stupid	irrelevant information
This has helped me a great deal with my church community being a member of Grace Harper Church.	irrelevant information
It's battery consumption heavy	bug report
I like signal bcus it a good thing to have.	irrelevant information
It is an excellent program and honestly it is the best communication program I have used for communication.	irrelevant information
It's private and no problem to get it	irrelevant information
Well it is a good app it just when someone calls the call comes to me like after a minute even after the person called already. On the other hand it's a great app but need upgrades.	feature request
I like that everyone is in this one place and it is private	irrelevant information
This is really a great app, for free calling and text messages, you can't go wrong. There is only a bug or two once in a while,, which every app has. You don't only get to make FREE calls you also get your own telephone number. Yep, it's all about TEXT NOW, and believe me, LATER TOO!	feature request
Lately, voice chat hasn't been working every time I get on, it'll say connecting indefinitely and never connect me. It'll only work if you have mobile data, which sucks because where I live, thr mobile data would die for no reason. Fix this mistake	bug report
Good except limitations attaching some formats which will not then work for the receiver. Copying and saving files could be better, but so could Whatsapp	feature request
The app is only good for texting.	irrelevant information
Very good experience for about 10yrs my app was working fine I just tried to is app I was able to send a message but I could not make a phone call or said yall were experiencing technical issue rt now I need this fixed	bug report
I accidentally joined a vc and couldnt leave even when i closed the app. Had to stop the app itself for it to stop.	bug report
Meh it's pretty full of ads	irrelevant information
Nothing good if I run out of minutes would I be able to text and make phone calls from this	bug report
This app is good but sum time the msg go to slow	bug report
Could have a better layout but ist goog	feature request
This app is kinda poor, messages don't deliver even if there is a good network and the data is turned on. You can see that someone is online on WhatsApp, and the messages sent on signal is not delivered, so the person has to open the signal app before the message can be delivered, that's very poor.	bug report
I haven't been able to send messages to people. In fact, it says they sent, but everyone I text does not receive the message. Can you please fix ASAP!!!!	bug report
It really works! I was skeptical	irrelevant information
Install skype on call app	irrelevant information
We can all keep in great contact	irrelevant information
Can you.. Can you text anywhere with your text free number ? Or do you have to have wifi like you do on ipod touch ?	feature request
Lost for words! I am able to communicate with family & friends all over the world, see them in real time, take pictures of events as we watch too. Wish this had been available when my folks lived far from me.	irrelevant information
A lot of features for free, amazing app.	irrelevant information
It's harder to hide conversation! KISS! (Keep It Stupid Simple)! Also PLEASE fix the "back" function. I always use the back key on my phone to go back and now it closes the app completely! I have to go back by tapping the screen on the left top corner? KISS goddammit KISS! Other than that it looks awesome.	feature request
It's free and you can text and call people	irrelevant information
great service if you buy the Sim and port in a number...no monthly bill 👍	irrelevant information
Too much off topic discussions!	irrelevant information
Good way to keep up with all the things that are going on with the group	irrelevant information
The app works as it should. A-OK	irrelevant information
Why should i sync my contacts now? I'm not sure how to erase them after i continue.	irrelevant information
It's amazing. You can chat and call with friends. You can also video call. It's amazing 🤩.	irrelevant information
I can't connect and get onto my youth church chat! 💢	bug report
This is an excellent app to use for Craigslist, Internet Ads, giving strangers your number who you potentially may never speak to again. I have used to text and call so my real phone number isnt out there works great! Only bad thing to say about it why I only give it 4 stars is the Ads, you have to deal with a huge ad in the way of the keyboard and it's very annoying. You have to deal with ads on Pandora, YouTube, Photo Ediditng Apps, even scrolling through websites and here too.	feature request
it's nice to have when my phone has no service.	feature request
The app crashed and all contacts were lost. That was not fun trying to put it back together again.😕	bug report
Does not work on Android phones. Will not let me login to my account on my phone. Constantly get an error message	bug report
It's pretty cringe sometimes but a very good place to hangout with friends and make some	irrelevant information
doesn't matter if you're over wifi or data the calls suck	bug report
Interface + feature set leave some things to be desired (no voice chat, little to no privilege-gating), but cross-platform chat is very nice and I'm grateful that this is what's ubiquitous at my school, rather than something worse.	feature request
great way to talk with family	irrelevant information
I really love having the space to send and recieve messages I want guarded.	irrelevant information
Easy to use, but hard to add emojis.	feature request
Stopped using it when I could no longer text anyone. I don't want to have two apps when one used to do everything.. oh well.	irrelevant information
my date of birth and when I enter it and click next it does NOTHING. Please	bug report
Good app. As with almost any messenger app, hate the bots that pop up.	irrelevant information
It was great until I found out people have been sending me sms' (not through signal) and I never received them. Checked their phone and they are indeed there and sent! I wonder how many other sms' have gone missing...	bug report
I only wish they reduce the monthly ad free service price from $12.99 to $6.00 I would pay for that the overall service is fine.	feature request
Used to be a 5 but the recent update made it run horribly. It just runs really poorly, stick to the desktop app till it gets fixed	bug report
I've had it pull money off my account saying it renewed my data plan and it never reset my data I'm not going to keep getting money pulled off my card if I'm not going to get what I paid for this has happen 3 times in a row they said they refund my money but never did get it back on my card this apps a scam I'm switching to straight talk I've already done this ove and yall try to make it right but nuthing ever change so doesn't matter if I send information just goes around in a circle	bug report
Unable to make new account keep getting errors. Also I live in the United States of America.	bug report
Transfer was nice - your should prompt for pin on old device to validate it before transfer is started, otherwise user is totally screwed if pin is forgotten	feature request
Sometimes messages do not sync until I open the app. Same on the other end of the chat using IOS. Same battery settings as WA. otherwise I would rate it 4/5	bug report
This software is great and I've been using it as my primary messaging app for years. Everyone should be encrypting their text messages and this makes it easy. Unfortunately, the developers made the choice to remove SMS capabilities (despite feedback from the community), which severely limits how I can use it, who I can use it with, and makes it hard to recommend to friends (who probably also have multiple messaging apps installed already).	feature request
Very, disappointed in both this and the other Text Free apps,was unable to connect on sign in with either,kept getting messages to correct time she time and date were both already correct deleted both apps.	bug report
Dnd is suddenly changed to active when entering into Skype application. Very bug. Please sort out this.	bug report
Removing SMS is a stupid move! Now you've added stories... Seriously? Soon will you make this a dating app? Stop taking away what matters and adding what doesn't!	feature request
ugh	irrelevant information
Just use Skype. Ive have mobile discord for years (2020)and the fact that the volume is set so low that max volume in the app and max volume for phone while its in speakers is so quiet. If two people try to talk on mobile it's impossible. Then it stops working. No indication that there's any issues but it'll be quiet and you can't hear or talk to them so you have to stop and restart. EDIT: yeah no this app is still not great and crashes a lot 🤷‍♀️ Edit: it's been YEARS since and no improvement	bug report
International calls consistently fail and purchased credits do not appear	bug report
Since a few weeks, the app has problems. Messages are not sent or retrieved well and the app crashes frequently. These problems persist after today's update. Before that, all was great.	bug report
Haven't been able to make a call in over a month, it rings half and stops and keeps saying "oops something went wrong"	bug report
I love this app, me and my friends use it all the time, but I hate that only iPhone can use emojis to describe the channels and catagorys, yes its not that big of a deal, but I hate having to get my friends to help me because of it. Sometimes it can get really annoying and frustrate me, I don't think it's really fair, and I would enjoy it if we could use emojis as an Android/Samsung users. Not everybody can really afford iphones. If you could fix this I would be very great full, thank you.👋👋👋	feature request
I think it would be better if the people who wanted this used would implement it more	irrelevant information
Skype is not working in uae again... I don't know what the problem is but we always keep suffering	bug report
Poor Website! Groupon has really went downhill!	irrelevant information
New UI is terrible. Slow, unresponsive, cluttered and unnecessary. Old UI worked perfectly and was easy to navigate. Please give us the option to revert back at the very least...	feature request
Its good for texting only. Everytime i make a call it disconnects after 2 or 3 minutes.	bug report
I reviewed this app. It was erased. What is the point then?	bug report
I didn't sign in In this app plz help	bug report
I need Skype status and popping my message on screen	feature request
Notifications are not working. This happened recently. Can no on longer set up notification sound from the app. Hopefully team fixes on next release. Android 12 on my Moto G power 2022 phone	bug report
Used this for years and recently having to keep reinstalling it as created rooms vanish and It crashes on very odd occasions	bug report
Great but I hate I lose photos in chat forevermore after a few days	bug report
Glitches and won't let me log in, then keeps showing errors once I get in. Very frustrating.	bug report
Bad. Connect with each call..	bug report
This app is very reliable and always FUNCTIONS!!!	irrelevant information
This new layout sucks. I can't even attach and send photos or videos anymore.	bug report
was literally better before the ui change im getting glitches from having to swipe right twice to get out of gcs because i jumped to pins, videos playing after i scroll past them even though they were supposed to stop, and files attempted to send in servers send in most recent dms/gcs instead edit: now you cant send files at all	bug report
Best communicating app	irrelevant information
It's not free it's $10. Requested a message several times (could have been the number it was from I guess but it was a real number that had to do with my bills) followed by the $10 add. Never received the message and thus deleted the app. I hope the same thing dosnt happen to you guys. Could have been a one time fluke but who knows.	bug report
Awesome app that kick's arse. Developers it would be handy to collect minutes during a call.	feature request
Calling is down allot	bug report
Mine keeps sending the same messages twice what do i do	bug report
Very relaxing. Helps me remember to stop and just breathe.	irrelevant information
All my discord servers dissapeared and I dont know why pls help	bug report
Mobile Update so bad I had to downgrade my app just to make it usable	bug report
Better than some . Even works in area with poor cell service	irrelevant information
No themes or cosmetic/visual appeal	irrelevant information
Low quality of camera n voice Calls S	bug report
It's uh, really confusing to use on phone now	feature request
It needs to send texts faster	feature request
Lost my number because I didn't use it. Ok that's fine. Can I choose another number though? I tried like 6 different area codes and it doesn't give me any number to choose...	feature request
I did update give me my money back or fix the issue	bug report
PIP mode not working. please fix it	bug report
Can do without the ads slows app down.	bug report
why msges are delivering so late..facing this issue from last few days	bug report
THIS APP WONT LET ME CALL! the first day of using this app was okay but now it wont really let me call sometimes people can't hear me so thats why I rate the a 1/5. I'm really sorry that I rated this a 1 just the app wont even work I will rate this a 3 if you fix the bug thanks for reading my review. Bye!	bug report
The new UI is terrible. Switch to the old one if you want your 4.5 stars back because this app seems to get its ratings lower everyday. The new UI Is so bad that i don't like discord that much anymore. Switch back to the old one or let your app die.	feature request
It's the best ever.	irrelevant information
Lags about a minute everytime you press a button the slowest most frustrating text app ive ever used dont download!!	bug report
I had a really annoying bug that won't let me go to posts or look up some searching randomly after a random minutes when I see some.messages in search or go to a post it crashed unexpectedly PLEASE FIX THIS NOW!!!!!!	bug report
Need to be able to delete prior messages. Easy to use.	feature request
Love this app. It's great 💯 never had a problem change the background on it not bad. ❣️🦋	irrelevant information
I hate it 😡 I can't message anybody or I can't call nobody	bug report
Help? Not working and cannot log in	bug report
Smooth working no problems yet	irrelevant information
Overall a great app, but my goodness do I hate this redesigned layout.	feature request
I take back what I said, the UI is still memory heavy and the worst part is that we can't change back to the old UI. Sure, it looks nice compared to few months back but it's still a LOT heavier than the old UI and they forces us to use this UNOPTIMIZED things. This maybe the way to show your hard work but your work isn't yet ready to be forced to public, so let us use the old UI before doing it. I blame the update tester for this, sorry not sorry for being this rude🤞	feature request
what my phone number .can i get callza	irrelevant information
The new layout after recent update is horrible. Extra space between conversations is using way too much screen real estate than necessary.	feature request
Mostly it's good but a lot of times I don't get phone calls sometimes I don't get texts	bug report
New UI sucks, option to go back was removed without any warning that if you stop using the old UI you cannot go back. Uninstalling. Needed to get away from it anyways, now's a good time.	feature request
Never had a chance to talk with you later today It's good Program that TextNow have	irrelevant information
Can be better in terms of usage of a account in multiple devices.	feature request
it rings but it won't show up but I can hear it and can't answer	bug report
There's a big problem with adding video from Android devices.  The app will send the video you uploaded but when complete the proportions are wrong.  The video will have the same width but the height looks to be shrunk by at least half if not more.  Can't even tell what the video is after this happens.    I'll change my rating to 5 stars once this is fixed because everything else about this app is awesome.    PS. Also allow us to change our avatars separately in each group chat.  Some group chats (for school or work) require a normal headshot while other laid back group chats, we may want to put a funny picture as our avatars.  So we should be able to change our picture in the same drop-down menu where we can change our nickname  Thank you	feature request
This is best app. So guys install it.	irrelevant information
Better but it needs more improvement to get the best rating. I'm not so satisfied with Skype.😊	irrelevant information
Sometimes not connect on call and message	bug report
Is not proper Story, and text, Wacht in app, Over Update,	bug report
It's,Always been Great App...I have used it now for years... when extra needed:Gotta have it... Thsnks TyAnn	irrelevant information
The latest update for Skype turned it into a nearly unusable app.	bug report
SMS removal makes it complicated on which app I need to use to message someone. No way to know if someone has signal or not. I end up sending SMS more often than Signal messages. This change makes you use the insecure path for messaging. Their decision to drop SMS support forces me to use SMS for everything instead of secure messaging. Defeats the whole purpose of their app existence.	feature request
I hate that there's no way to delete. I will not be using this app any further for that reason	feature request
With SMS and MMS support being removed , it is next to useless. This app is being uninstall as there is no use for it	feature request
The app keeps force closing and is unusable	bug report
Texting is fine but Will not connect any calls	bug report
new update broke sending videos and pictures super laggy and sometimes it starts compressing videos before i even send them	bug report
Please do something about the calling, when we call and one of us just leave it like three minute then it off sudden. I want the old version back because we all can wait that call. Please do fix.	bug report
It was very glitchy and never fully opened when I was trying to access on my computer.	bug report
temporary number	feature request
App works really well. I haven't had one problem with it.	irrelevant information
Why does the app need permission to record audio?	feature request
Works like a charm. No spam, just private conversations with people you know. It is a pleasure to use and I am happy to donate from time to time, it is worth to support it.	irrelevant information
It will be better if I can receive pictures	feature request
I can't get it to open up. Please help me	bug report
Give back the swipe to see members	feature request
Awesome until... You guys had to make an update?It made the app so bad like if WhatsApp and c.ai had a child 😭	bug report
Wanna create a new account. Wanna connect number to account. Can't, other account already has number. Delete that account. Try again with new account. Can't, other account other has number. ??? Try to find OTHER account using forgot password option. "Ultra rare error." Try on my windows desktop. Link to reset password does not work when I click on it. Re-download app and try again. Ultra. Rare. Error. ?????	bug report
hi discord, what is this new update? i mean it looks great but i think the ppl prefer the old update more bc its more comfortable and the new update it really is very uncomfortable so hopefully the developers change back to the old discord.	feature request
I really love the app its like actually being on a normal phone no mishaps or missed messages, it's kinda a very meat app	irrelevant information
Easy set up and like you can add up too 200 members on one message thread. You can also remove members without having to start a new thread. Would of given five stars but somehow one of my members got removed from the group without any action on our part.	feature request
the phone option to make calls is subpar and that alone should make the	feature request
I can now use this app flawlessly! I purchased my # for a year because the price was low enough to say why not! So far best app out there!	irrelevant information
Bought the lock in number for almost a month and it's still flashing that dumb notification that my payment hasn't gone though. Despite it actually going through Everytime. Edit: it's literally still doing it. Fix your app ffs	bug report
They ruined it more and more and stripped it of its unique traits as discord. Remove the new UI it is an eyesore!! If we wanted other apps we would DOWNLOAD other apps!!	feature request
I love discord I'm on it alot but rn it radamly removed where I can see my Dms	bug report
It good really	irrelevant information
Doesn't work well. Frustrating issues all around with managing your account and joining groups.	bug report
Love this reliable easy had for 5 yrs now!	irrelevant information
Not letting me update my app and locked me out of my account saying update but I updated ibturn my phone on n off delete the app and all	bug report
App works good for communication but lately been having problems connecting and posting messages	bug report
This is one of the worst messaging apps ever. I can not believe it has so much market share. Everything breaks constantly. Through multiple reinstalls, I still can't even properly tag people or add people to groups or even start a new direct message because the search completely glitches out every time I try to use it. Now the notifications have broken and opening them doesn't even bring me to the message in question. Videos and pictures also fail constantly.	bug report
This new UI doesn't work and is worse in every single aspect. Revert it and leave it alone please	bug report
I dislike the new UI update. I'm aware that changes often take some getting used to, so despite immediately disliking it, I gave it a couple weeks to get used to it. I've now adapted, but it's still bad. It's worse than the previous layout, it requires more taps to get anywhere, and navigating the app is still less intuitive than before. There's one search bar to search within a channel and another to search a whole server, which is just inconvenient. It's pretty slow and breaks often too.	feature request
New UI sucks so much, roll it back please	feature request
Video 📹 📞 everyone need	feature request
love the app but PLEASE fix the issue with messages not going through until the app is opened. I often miss messages, don't get notified, open the app and then get a bunch of notifications from 20+mins ago. Extremely annoying issue. Happening to two of my friends as well. As if app needs to be running for messages to get through. But doesn't update in background. Not a settings problem on our phones, so it's a problem with the app. Also, give us the option to record video without holding in.	bug report
Having trouble linking my Psn account. I recently switched emails for my psn account, and discord is trying to communicate with my old one. Need help pleaae	bug report
It is what it is. & With tht to been Said I believe tht this app is freaking AWESOME 👍😎	irrelevant information
It's a touchy program when using it for group conferencing connections, but it's a great gaming and friends chat site....sucks to set up and use if you are not tech savvy, though by yourself if you are trying to join a private group	feature request
Downloaded app. Will not open. Have not been able to use. I have been invited on several occasions to use app and it will not work.	bug report
I give it 4 stars only because cannot send or receive links, so far I would definitely recommend for talk and txt through internet, that gets 5 stars...	feature request
I love the fact that there is actually a service after the lettuce have an extra phone number without having to pay monthly for it	irrelevant information
Discord desktop is fine, but the mobile app's UI and performance feels like it gets worse every update.	feature request
Was 5 star now is now a zero star app. Dropping sms is making drop this app as it no longer has any value to me	bug report
Its a good app but i only got to use it once before it kept saying text now shut down or stopped working there's no point in getting this app	bug report
App keeps popping ads up every 2 minutes. All other apps are affected.	bug report
So buggy. Can't even do basic mod stuff on a server now.	bug report
A good app	irrelevant information
Love this app, but please fix it so I can see pictures. I have had people send me pictures, yet I haven't been able to see them or them even show up at all. Please fix this and I will change rating. Thank you.	feature request
I wish I could do more while not having to pay, but at least I can still do server stuff.	feature request
App is garbage. Says it can make call internationally. Added $14.68 credit and can't call Canada. Can't get credit. What a rip-off. Don't buy .	bug report
Many scams on this app and many other apps	irrelevant information
Every time an ad pops up the app crashes and my phone freezes.	bug report
Great one	irrelevant information
after da update i don't receive text or call but i can send them but not receive anythin. please fix	bug report
Over all pretty good. All the pricey exclusive items dont interfere with my communication. Unlike other apps, there arnt exactly ads. Only down side is i cant find out how to chamge the discord ringtone and notification sound.	feature request
I dislike the fact that you can't delete past messages. I have two groups that I have to be apart of because of work and baseball. I can't delete the messages so I have to read through miles and miles of stupid crap just read the important stuff. I would rate higher if you could go through and delete old messages and group chats. :(	feature request
Sometimes when I call or text in the replyi get back does not show	bug report
System requires an update even though the app is currently updated please ensure me that I'm all set and can still use my number I am paying for that service thank you	irrelevant information
Your trying keep up the good work	irrelevant information
Stops Ring and doesn't notify of incoming calls	bug report
Mobile new layout update sucks, please give us the option to remove it and revert back to the old layout. I'm so tempted to delete discord because of the ugly ah layout, it's chaotic, and it makes people miss the old layout, trust me serveral people hate your stupid update.	feature request
It's ok and perfect	irrelevant information
Definitely the worst messaging application to ever exist. Notifications come through whenever they feel like. No search. No chance of communicating	bug report
AAA BOSS NETWORK	irrelevant information
Great app to keep in touch with your love ones	irrelevant information
I had loved this app until it started to get greedy and make it so you have to pay to actually use the app it says free but honestly you can't really do much without paying the subscriptions	feature request
This is a great app! Barley any glitches but sometimes it's just slow and a bit laggy. Overall I think it's just people's wifi that's the problem.	irrelevant information
The best thing I ever want to use.	irrelevant information
Best messaging app. Simple and secure.	irrelevant information
I never faced any problems while using this app so it deserves a 5	irrelevant information
Please, do not be stylistically similar to Messenger, do not blindly follow them in UX way, because stylistically Signal was way better in my opinion. Revoke the possibility where for each contact I was able to set a color and it was respected in the chats as well, it was very convenient and I valued Signal very much for that. Please, always add the possibility to customize the application more while proceeding such changes with Signal updates. The new chat configuration seems to be very advanced and cool, but right after performing it I was searching like crazy for a option in the application settings, maybe a checkbox, saying "respect the interlocutor message color in group chats", and also for a possibility to change the color of the interlocutor's messages in the conversation settings aside of mine messages only. Aside of that it is a very good application for people who value their own privacy, and want to have secure conversations. Probably the best stock SMS app replacement.	feature request
listen stop what your doing. This app is amazing it works extremely well and it actually does what the description says. Times are hard right now and with prices rising and money hard to come by it's been very helpful for keeping in touch with others.	irrelevant information
Used Signal for 6 years, but dropping SMS support means I drop Signal.	feature request
Someone stole my email to make an account and both Pinger and textfree dont seem to care.. 10/10 dont recommend.. cause clearly their security and privacy is non existent!	bug report
Can we get an option to have the old UI. The new one is much worse. Why make it different to the PC version and change controls so any intuitive or learnt controls are different and the app is now much slower and less responsive with multiple bugs and issues and there has been no fixes or communication about updates.	feature request
Removal of SMS support kills the all-in-one utility of this app for me.	feature request
Discord was just fine before, everyone loved it before. Not one person likes this new...mess, what the hell were you guys thinking?? Revert it back, and I bet y'all will get wayyy more stars.	feature request
Old menu is much easier to change server and channel why change the new one is so much hard and very laggy plz change it to old one is much better the old one	feature request
I downloaded the app however all requests and text come as a text message! Why?	bug report
So far so good runs smooth no ads I like it	irrelevant information
There is a glitch that appears when you attempt to look through a user's messages and it says "we dropped the magnifying glass," even though there ought to be results.	bug report
Very good app and better than what's app	irrelevant information
Overall good, however i had some security issues.	bug report
I was able to place calls from the app on my Xperia XA1 last year, but it will no longer make or receive calls. Many messages need to be re-sent, regardless of Wi-Fi or or cellular service strength.	bug report
The most important thing is I feel like I can trust the company and app not to steal my messages and contacts or abuse me or get others to abuse me in some way based on my messages or with whom I choose to associate..	irrelevant information
Verry Bad app west your time	bug report
When i make a call or someone calls me they can barley hear me half the time like its muffled/ cutting out. Other then that it works fine	bug report
Never rings and notifies you that someone's called until you open the app. All my settings are turned on and still no ring . I keep missing super important calls and I'm going to have to delete TextNow due to this reason . It only rings 20% of the time , while it NEVER rings or notifies you for the other 80%. The only texting/calling app that I have constant problems with. I will be finding a different app and will never recommend to anyone else for as long as this issue is ongoing .	bug report
Terrible UI on the latest version	feature request
I like it but over the past month the app won't load new messages so I have to keep uninstalling it and redownloading it.	bug report
If you have wifi or access to a good connection its great for only 9.99 mo. I dont have access often so ill try a plan an then i may change my star rating. But still not bad for $10 a month. Better than not having a phone!	irrelevant information
Scam. To open the message with a code verification they want me to pay. Uninstalling. Waste of time.	irrelevant information
Is a great phone app	irrelevant information
Love it private easy to use good app love it ty	irrelevant information
I had my number. Around 10 years and I was unable to check it. Because I was in jail. Or a little more than a month and I lost my number.😵😟😡	irrelevant information
Change the ui back I beg you. No one likes it or will ever like it	feature request
i cant change the colour of my banner anymore as well as "about me"	bug report
Great practically free option for phone and text! Glad they have the SIM option. Everything seems to be running smoothly.	irrelevant information
It's a best nice app. Just make nitro cheaperrrrr in India it's sm costly	feature request
if you dont pay you cant get texts confirming your number but you can do all the rest, this app is actually really good and when I was in a tight spot and could'nt afford a phone bill these guys basically saved me.	feature request
I like the app, but lately I've been having issues regarding voice recording through android auto. It does not let me record a voice message more than a second, than it starts a call that does not exist and cannot be ended, which causes an audio or music to not be able to play. When I am able to record a voice message somehow, the quality is incredibly bad. I don't know if it's because the integration between them is not yet alright, though this kind of becomes frustrating.	bug report
I absolutely love it	irrelevant information
So I purchase the little data plan which is one $2.99 every week I had a $5 to my TextNow cash box I purchased 500 megabytes for $2 a month well I have been off of the life I called a few times and I'm unable to send messages or anything like that and I'm unable to get a person after 5 p.m. there should be a 24-hour life-support if this is a phone company	bug report
Need online stutus show.	feature request
Someone named Scarlett Ave tried to blackmail and threaten me on your app and that's terrible and shouldn't ever happen	bug report
Infinitely more secure than other messaging applications	irrelevant information
It keeps restarting itself. When that's fixed I'll change to 5 stars.	bug report
Messages are coming through blank.	bug report
Very convienent and works well. Nice to have when you do not wish to give your main number.	irrelevant information
Great app. Only complaint is there are a lot of ads	feature request
I wish we could use Google for our accounts.	feature request
Desktop APP isn't working (windows 11), I can't link device.	bug report
Bhangar che	irrelevant information
new update killed it, full of bugs and very annoying to use	bug report
Enjoying the privacy and flexibility in communicating with my choose friends.	irrelevant information
Nightmare when it's updating	bug report
Long story short, I have to use this for Everything. Well a lot of calls don't go through so I'm missing interviews, my texts are delayed by hours or don't even go through at all, people can barely hear me (my WiFi is great so no. Its not that) and it delays all incoming messages. Its not great.	bug report
drains my battery when both of us are using our cameras, which is what its	bug report
I love this app u can call for free	irrelevant information
It's very secure to talk with friends and family	irrelevant information
No doubt, skype is the most worst communication app available on playstore. So much lagging issue, can't make a phone call.	bug report
I buyed nitro, and already make my payment, i still not get my nitro perks and a noticed said, " an issue has occurred with your purchase ". But ive already pay it.	bug report
It pretty good👍	irrelevant information
It has given Me a Healing!	irrelevant information
Happy happy birthday 🎂 may it be awesome and wonderful	irrelevant information
Love it, really helps family communicate regardless of distance or schedule.	irrelevant information
I am so glad that my discord hasn't updated yet. If it updates and I can't change it back, I'm unsubbing from my 10 dollar Nitro and will refuse to buy more aesthetics/little profile charms. I have been using Discord since 2017 and love it dearly. Do not force it to change.	feature request
Whenever I login it take a lot of time. And when I open this app doesn't refresh the chats,fix The Bugs	bug report
Good results.Not like other apps.	irrelevant information
It glitches out way to many ads	bug report
It is terrible you have to pay to get the code for the thing to!	irrelevant information
Took over message service smoothly, but stopped supporting normal messages and too much annoying updates for unkown reason	bug report
Free texting not calling. You have to buy minutes for phone calls.	feature request
I'm actually mad about a different thing that it's so dumb if you lose your 6 digit code you're just screwed end of story which is a terrible design flaw in this app when you have access to a Gmail account to register if it's you when you forget about it and want to remove it since it's just a hinder to you and never actually worked for me never gave me a code for me to use	bug report
Food	irrelevant information
I have a hard time keeping control f my device especially when I can't talk to anyone because if I didn't have a way of comunication I would fix all the damage that was being done to me so thanks I had interaction for as long as I could before losing it again	feature request
The app shuts down	bug report
introduce a feature to turn on front facing flash light while doing video call. The animation took too much time to open the apk, remove the useless animation.	feature request
Great. But this new UI layout is horrid	feature request
The new layout is awful to navigate. I can no longer search for messages server-wide, I have to search channel by channel if I want to find something. If you're a new user, I highly reccomend making the switch to a messager app who's developers listen to its users.	feature request
I'm having a hard time downloading this app	bug report
Do not use once you sign up you cannot remove your account and delete your info.	bug report
if you are reading dont download the app you wont be able to make or receive calls	bug report
I don't even wanna talk about it	irrelevant information
Usually good, but I have a major complaint about the newest version of the mobile app. Newest update makes it to where you can't just swipe over to see the user list (e.g., who is in a server, who is online, etc). I can't think of a legitimate reason why that would have been changed, but I'm really hoping Discord reconsiders this decision.	feature request
DO NOT USE THIS APP! I Used this app for 6 months and then all of a sudden i couldnt get onto my app. I am a digit nomad and i travel to many places around the world so i have a need of being able to receive texts via internet. All of my accounts including email, bank and government websites all are to be accessed using sms verification OTP through this number, and i cant get i to any account ! It has been a huge headache for me. The worst part is that they have absolutely NOcustomerservice!	bug report
Works great! Would be nice if the app could send longer videos. Really do like it, though!	feature request
Can't talk on the phone while trying to look up anything on the phone... an omg the ads are ridiculous if you don't upgrade	feature request
I like signal. Seems secure. I can see all images in one place. I wish it would group all url links together too. You can search chat history. Works well between iOS/Android. 2 stars because 1) I can't use/download signal on my android samsung tablet. 2) I can't hang up voice calls or turn off speaker. I have to ask other person to hang up. When you leave signal during a call, and return, it takes you to chat/main menu, and can't return to signal call view. It has been a few months, not fixed	feature request
The new UI is abysmal. I hate how everything needs multiple swipes and taps to do things now.	feature request
My groupie group is texting me and it comes directly to my phone as a text but doesnt show in the app. It is convenient that it comes through as a text but because it doesnt show up in the app I cant text any one individual from the group or access certain attachments they send very inconvenient.	feature request
never let's me make a call	bug report
I asked for JUST an app for TEXTING ONLY	feature request
It's kinda good but when I maked a new account and I did all the steps but I can't complete the email verification when I press the button resend email there is no message from discord. In my email	bug report
Texting works fine. The only problem i have is the "Free calling". Calling is not free! You have to purchase minutes for phonecalls.	bug report
No Problems whatsoever	irrelevant information
It doesn't let you go in you need to login	bug report
Myself and the customer service all had issues figuring out this app. It was not the best one I have used. Then I could not find out that if instcart even service the store that I shop at. There was no body to answer my question. Very poor service. I ended up just buying the groceries myself. This experience was an F.	bug report
It takes at minimum twice the amount of taps to navigate as it did before the update. Why. Why would you do this. Do you want people to use your app less? Because that's how you get people to use your app less.	feature request
This new theme is hard to use and has an insane amount of bugs 2 stars because it's my main form of communication	bug report
After the update the app is slow and honestly the new way the app is organized is stupid and annoying. It's slower than before and I hate the way it's organized now. Definitely made me use it way less than before.	feature request
Not gonna lie, I do like this update. But making servers is harder now and the new things added are just completely useless to the app. Ive been on discord for years and I've never disliked it. It can keep the overall look but the server making needs to go back to its normal way.	feature request
It has been fine all except for the phone calls. I think they need some improvement	bug report
For skype to phone the App cannot directly pickup numbers from my contact list :(	bug report
The app was so good	irrelevant information
Used to work but now every time i answer the phone the call fail. So aggravating.	bug report
i like discord and use it both on my phone and my laptop, but im sad that the developers weny for such a moneygrab with new nitro :/ you used to be able to get profile customization for 20PLN, now you have to pay almost 50PLN to get that	feature request
Making calls is nearly impossible, and you can only earn free minutes 1 at a time.	bug report
Ever since the new update and home screen came out, discord for me personally has been laggy. I also would like it if you add an option for that like you can switch between the new layout and the old one	feature request
Very bad in the last period all numbers are banned in the application (Telegram)	bug report
Ngl, I hate the new update, it's kinda ugly, put it back to the old one	feature request
I used to love this app. Now I have to pay to get verification code sent to the number. $9 a month just to get a bloody verification code. You guys are too damn greedy. Also, it's called textfree. Why should I pay for something free?	feature request
Booo it slows down my phone my number is changing constantly missed calls, missed messages I get no notification for it's cost me 2 jobs and5 relationships.	bug report
And now all that i can view is my individual chats. No groups. Defeats the purpose of this app	bug report
The Emoticons Are Trash... That's my main complaint	feature request
I can't login to skype on my phone . What could be wrong?	bug report
Hi voice call last at every 1 minutes please clear the problem.	bug report
Unable to receive any new messages from anyone and can't reset application it's seems to be frozen. Not sure why but will be Uninstalling once I'm able to remove any personal information from the application service's	bug report
Why change something that was already good???	irrelevant information
The new design is amazing and introduces a lot of helpful features such as having galleries for the different media in your server. Great job to everyone who worked on it!!!	feature request
It laggs shuts off but i needed a wifi texting app so i just dealt with it	bug report
Good way to reach or notify people.	irrelevant information
Set up the account not able to	bug report
I love it very private and peaceful	irrelevant information
It was alright before they had been intentionally dumping SMS messages. Won't be using it as my default messaging app going forward and won't be supporting them financially or recommending the app anymore. Support reporting feeds you into an endless loop where they just tell you to update (even though it's current) and you can get no further. Used to be ok. Removing SMS support is going to drive a lot of users away - its a bad move on an already flawed app	bug report
Don't give away your data for free used signal and encrypted messaging its great!!	irrelevant information
i can text just fine,but never can make a call.	bug report
Very good app beta i love this app now I can talk to my tailor and ask him when will he give my clothes it is also useful for dhobis keep up the good work beta kardi sastivpromorion beta	irrelevant information
Great App I'm a new user however my experience has been good.	irrelevant information
Was 4/5 but after they fixed the photo sharing issue now I can't send messages half the time	bug report
Great way too keep in touch with people in yout life without a phone bill	irrelevant information
It's a nice app, it has lots of adds which isn't the best for whenever you dont wanna waste your time on paying for no adds. I called my dad from jail, it's very useful and works for long distance too.	irrelevant information
calling doesn't work even with good WiFi	bug report
Settings are complicated	irrelevant information
It's one of the best apps I have ever used and I will keep recommending friends to it .	irrelevant information
This app is terrible in every way, I sent one message saying hi to my friend and it banned my account and now I'm unable to use my account on this app. Garbage, don't use	bug report
exciting .	irrelevant information
So far so good with,this calling app	irrelevant information
Couldn't receive certain sms messages containing codes for email accounts. Calling and receiving is horrible. This app is only good for texting your friends and family.	bug report
its a ok app but I noticed even when I have full bars on wifi signal I receive blank msgs Frm senders when I get chat head or Phn doesn't ring not noticing a missed call until way later please fix would love to give app 5stars. Its very annoying to keep asking what u sent bc of the blank msg.	bug report
Signal is excellent. I prefer it over more commonly used messenger apps. The interface is uncluttered & doesn't weave itself through your OS. The biggest attraction for me is the encryption feature. Other messenger services are woefully lacking & are vulnerable. Signal does a good job at resolving these issues & as long as they stick to the double ratcheting end-to-end encryption thats only viewable to the poster & receiver... it will remain my go-to messenger service. Don't screw it up.	feature request
Handy and useful, like texting, but different.	irrelevant information
Bring back SMS Support!!! Taking this away is a huge mistake. I might have to go back to Google Messenger now.	feature request
The new update forces a change to a UI nobody asked for and which is actively less pleasant both visually and ergonomically. This software, and the company behind it, do not deserve your monetary - or any - support.	feature request
The app is a very good use for texting in for emergencies like have to leave a purse and call yourBF to get it a 10:10;)	irrelevant information
No SMS support makes the app useless, not everyone I chat with uses Signal. I need a way to communicate with everyone, not just select few people who need to install this app	feature request
That's stupid you have to have a area code	irrelevant information
After my Galaxy s6 updated to 5.1.1, any new groupme groups added messages have been coming in as texts. How do I fix this	bug report
it works for the most part. it just started not letting me call at all or static	bug report
It won't let mei never made that post i havent even used it until now ya know i was hacked while back so im guess its thos ppl talking call out	bug report
The app is over all really good! Just I don't know if anyone else gets this bug but I can't use the activities I don't know if its a bug or simply something else but I hopefully wish this could get fixed!! Besides that I really enjoy the app	bug report
Microsoft sell it to Google so they can fix it. Thanks	irrelevant information
I got logged out of my accounts two times now I can't even make a new one	bug report
Not good at all	irrelevant information
This app is bs. It doesn't allow you to text friends for more then 20 minutes. It deletes your account on you.	bug report
When you share our receive any photo and video in group or with your friends the video and photos do not download and send and show error and because of this I'm not using signal now	bug report
feedback about the original version, not the upgraded one	feature request
New UI has some good aspects but overall very weird	feature request
No one tests this app on Xiaomi in dark mode? It's impossible to see the text between hyphens (one hyphen or three hyphens) in the chats, for example code, it's been this way ever since I can remember. This is so frustrating. Make something I am begging you. We cannot see white text on a white background.	bug report
Can't use the reaction feature at all, really irritating as my group chat	bug report
it wouldn't even work for me let alone and wouldn't even let me text my friends and my family or call them so I suggest nobody gets this app because it's worthless and it doesn't even work	bug report
Why do we pay for nitro and boosts and they can't even dev a decent mobile app.	feature request
Wumpus did not send friend request to me :(	bug report
Don't waste money on minutes.they just beat you for your money and don't reply to inquiries. Flat out thieves !!!!!! Not worth s dime	irrelevant information
Recent update keeps having a bug where everyone can't comments/reply	bug report
This is the best bro anybody that's there search up way how to do it and you will love it they got everything accept money most of the time	irrelevant information
Safe an private good for chat when you don't want any else to see	irrelevant information
Love the app, but had got a new phone and couldn't get access to Group me on it. It was hell took me months because it kept sending cose to old phone	bug report
Crashes in my phone please make it more lite	bug report
Cant get out once in...sucks	bug report
This one sucks, it's starting to get my info	bug report
Didn't mind the ads, and there were many and over half the screen is taken up by ads. Since it was free to use I didn't mind that part. But to be shown ads by just waking up the phone (not opening your app) is not worth the trouble. After seeing the third ads, deleted. No thank you.	irrelevant information
Whenever I open an image it turns black. Ive restarted my device, turbed my wifi on and off countless times and I've also uninstalled and installed the app back and fourth. Please help me fix this.	bug report
Can never get good reception and constantly cuts out and makes it so people	bug report
One of the few apps I can actually do! Love it!	irrelevant information
Crashes periodically. Sometime i don't get notifications. I have to reinstall more than I would like.	bug report
It was great and not its not even opening i uninstalled it and redownloaded it and still wont let me use it	bug report
Getting 2 alerts for ea h message is annoying. It  rings my battery down fast too.. but it is best for messaging with a group.	bug report
I was quite happy with signal but now that they're ending support for SMS I have no reason to use it. It's about to be nonfunctional. What an idiotic business decision.	feature request
Skype has been best ever social media app. Quality video call	irrelevant information
Please give the option to turn on or off the LED for notifications and the option to turn vibrate off as well	feature request
It's great... Just wish I didn't have to run my data all the time to receive messages... 😁👍	feature request
Good app but why am I being charged $11 instead of the $9.99 I opted for?	feature request
Good app private	irrelevant information
Really slow to update when opened. Was much faster about 12 months ago. Spends way too long on the splash screen.	bug report
Wrost app . Lanat on Sweden country	irrelevant information
BUGGS !!! I have to download the app at least 3 times per day!!!	bug report
The app was great, and It's always been a joy to use, but this recent UI update has completely buggered everything. It's difficult to navigate, makes no sense, was never asked for, and barely feels like using discord. It's lost its personality, and I hope for everyones sake they revert the change or add an option to use the old layout instead.	feature request
Removing SMS support is a mistake.	feature request
slow as hell can't receive verification codes	bug report
Was good when I used it،but slower now	bug report
Release Clyde... It's not fair that it's in beta and seems to work perfectly fine.	bug report
I can't buy mins from it but everything else fine	bug report
It gets the job done, for free. So I guess if it does what its supposed to do. Just has a lot of adds & its very basic. It'll work in a pinch though.	irrelevant information
Clear talk good text	irrelevant information
I can't receive incoming calls on text plus but on this app. I get most of my calls and texts it just is terrible service. Most of the time I can't hear the person who called and they can't hear me. But texting works well. As much as one can expect from a free text app I guess.	bug report
They make you pay for minutes	irrelevant information
Just started today. Already had call connectivity issues. I can't afford time when making business calls to troubleshoot your app issues. So far this app is useless to me. You've wasted my work time. Bye, bye!	bug report
Updates for emojis? Pathetic!	feature request
Its laggy, sometimes when u just try to switch from emotes to keyboard or files quickly it gets bugged	bug report
good afternoon, or maybe only afternoon because I'm angry. im writing this because i want you to know that the new uptade of discord sucks. it genuinely makes me want to do a flip from a cliff, i HATE IT. GIVE ME BACK THE OLD DISCORD🤬🤬🤬🤬😭😭😭 i can't see people who are online in servers now, and that makes me mad. i genuinely don't like how you changed some details of discord, it's so confusing now. PLEASE GIVE ME BACK THE OLD DISCORD😞😞🥺	feature request
I don't use it often, sorry for the 3 stars	irrelevant information
I can't call a number despite the fact that I've had an ongoing rotating charge with Skype and should have credit. When I try to get help I get jerked around by the online help system designed to avoid actual user issues. This system is absolute rubbish. Microsoft, I will change this review when I can talk to a human...	bug report
But just in the	feature request
I've got a new phone and a new phone number because my phone number was gave to somebody else.I can't login to my discord account you need to fix that because even though it's a different phone now it's pissing me off. You guys need to get things together. It's telling me to reset my password and I don't want to reset my password!! All this stress and waiting im tired of it. And no I don't want to "make a new account".	bug report
seldom any glitches I highly recommend it	irrelevant information
This app has great service honostly. The only thing i would change is to put your actual phone number into the app	feature request
Fix the app my lord you be in text mode then here comes a message saying get another number omg	bug report
it's very helpful when your phone is off. My calls drop a lot tho	bug report
After a new update on my phone. Now everytime I open the app I just shuts down?? No point having it on my phone if it don't work.........	bug report
BECAUSE IT SICKS	irrelevant information
I call for like 9 seconds and and it deducts one minute	bug report
Connect is not to good n the talking part. Texting connect is not to good either.	bug report
I hate this app so much my friend told my to get this app she said it works it dosent work every time I try to use it kicks me out I'm 8 years old and friend is 10 it works for her but it dosent work for me	bug report
For one , I think only the ones who spend actual money on this app get the Santa in the app. Two, if you have an emergency and you open the app to diall 911, there's a damn ad you have to watch before you can dial.	feature request
Love this app. That keeps me in contact with those I 💕 Love!! Thank You! ShawnJon! P.S. God Bless You & Yours! With Love & Peace, To All Our Universe!	irrelevant information
Fairly good sound quality and messaging app with highest security level. I heard the rumour, Signal metadata has been collected and shared by many nefarious purposes.	feature request
The app is great and works no problem. Just suddenly thoug, my messages stop sending. Both on wifi and off wifi. Not to sure what caused it. Went from working perfectly fine to just stopping and not sending anything.	bug report
Stay at area code loading screen	bug report
revert the ui changes. the new one is awful.	feature request
Gives service most often with good quality. Difficult for a lot of adjustments.	irrelevant information
Worked great until the recent update. Now it takes up to two hours before I get notified of a message	bug report
Calls fade in and out and causes weird problem with phone while app runs	bug report
Need $ to use app	irrelevant information
Awful, just awful. Everytime I go into Text free it tells me my account hasn't been created and when I go to create an account it tells me something about abuse detector. I don't understand that or why I keep getting that message. Until that is fixed I'm rating your app 1 star	bug report
calls get dropped can't hear me	bug report
We absolutely love this ap. It's so easy to get to and use. My hole team love it	irrelevant information
Great alternative of WhatsApp People should use signal instead of WhatsApp	feature request
Great app however it wouldnt hurt 2 see less adds	feature request
Very affective. Good news or bad news, in this app uyou get the news👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿	irrelevant information
I love the app, but now it's saying that I can update my pfp. I have to confirm I'm "not a bot." Then when I get the verification right, it says,"failed to update."	bug report
Please add the ability to enter and build account via Gmail to the signal application.	feature request
This is good if you have Wi-Fi connection and don't have data on a phone I need to make some calls or text other than that everything else on this app sucks LOL	feature request
It does the job but oh god the performance is horrid	bug report
The best app ever , loving it	irrelevant information
Stuck with it for work since everyone else is using it. Has annoying little usual bugs but as of recently it will keep using internet and starting in the background even when absolutely all permissions and background activities have been restricted / denied. Big no-no.	bug report
Works well. Have some issues trying to connect from/to Skype for business.	bug report
Why does it buffer when I open the app but won't show me any of my texts? Also, why does it make me keep force stopping the app? I'm tempted to uninstall if I didn't need it so much. And no, it is NOT my wifi or data connection. It is your APP and I think it needs a deep, thorough cleaning.	bug report
I swear the audio and call clarity gets worse with every update. Stop advertising Nitro. Stop telling me to change my username. Please secure and backup server content. Exhausting.	bug report
crashes after updating. yes, uninstalled and reinstalled. yes, restarted phone. devs call it skill issue...	bug report
It's ok. I would prefer the just show message indicator instead of 2 messages; 1 in app and 1 in messages.	feature request
I've always enjoyed Signal, I like the privacy and customizable interface, and the option of an integrated currency platform. I recommend. To anyone.	irrelevant information
Number changes every 10 seconds. Useless	irrelevant information
Country western 🎵	irrelevant information
Notifications don't work no matter what settings I put. Sometimes I get them and other times I open it and see 50 unread messages without a single notification.	bug report
He lately just seems like as a lot of scam artists on all of these types of apps Just to add I got scammed off of WhatsApp I got scammed off a Telegram so I'm just urging everybody to be careful who you're talking to somebody's people are claiming to be celebrities are near not so watch out I can't say this is a great app but for communication messaging I can give it an okay	irrelevant information
Honestly, it's going downhill with every update. Calls drop out of nowhere, camera will sometimes just stop working and wont switch or be able to go off camera,after the call drops it shows your status as unavailable so the person cant call you back, speaker will go off at random times or just wont allow you to go on. It also doesn't display the time when the call drops or when a message has been sent. It's such a shame that the developers sacrificed the functionality for a prettier UI, that has also gotten more complicated and its obvious it's trying to imitate other social media interfaces. It saddens me a lot since I use the app to communicate with my boyfriend and between this and WhatsApp, I'd rather use this but may change my mind.	bug report
No more sms support, useless.	feature request
can Text or Call but you need to buy minutes to call but texting is free I text a lot works out for me because I got disabled from my textnow account so I got this app textfree	feature request
there should be a way to mass delete messages... also the ability to delete messages you searched for without having to click on it and then go to 'jump to message' then having to go back and redo the search........ would make it a lot easier of moderating 🫤	feature request
Since the move from native to react there has been quite a degradation in stability AND performance	bug report
I cannot keep this app open on my phone. It will sometimes open for a minute but most times the app will open and then shut off and ask to shut down the app.	bug report
Excellent app my son and his teacher can have homeschool all day with no issues.	irrelevant information
Everytime I try to send a text. When I select the recipient, it pops up for about 10 seconds and then either goes back to my inbox or just closes the app altogether. And I was able to get one word typed in and hit send. It said it was sent but still after 5 hours they still have not received it.	bug report
I NEED to. get verification codes.paid the 4.99.. and I'm still not getting them!! Idk what to do its sending the codes to mypther phone.. which is broken. I've been trying for DAYS	bug report
It's great friendly app for people that don't have the funds to pay the bill at that time. It allows you to verify that you will never be without a phone and be able to feel safe going in with your world.	irrelevant information
Skype is the best wonderful place for you and your love one's to have privacy real time face to face conversation about any and everything you want to share privately real time Skyping	irrelevant information
It's a good free app. Nothing more or less. Don't waste money on it. It doesn't play well with other apps. Doesn't matter if it's same criteria or not.	irrelevant information
This app is absolutely terrible. Slow on every level & most of the time wouldn't connect & if it did it always took anywhere between 3/5 times trying. If you can find a wifi that it actually works with. Terrible absolutely worse app ever	bug report
Very useful to communicate with a group of people	irrelevant information
Likes to create it's own copies of contacts which are difficult to edit.	feature request
🤗 Never had a problem with it. Does what it supposed to do. The only thing I don't like about it if you forget to use it you lose your number. Basically the only reason why I gave it four stars is because nothing's perfect. 😷Be/Stay Safe 🤓✌️🤘🖖☯️☮️♒🇺🇲	irrelevant information
Cant trouble shoot no longer works!	bug report
It's ok, it works on one of my phones but not my regular phone I use	bug report
I added some money to my account and they banned me "violating 'terms of service'". No email to explain what happened. Just banned. Not changing my rating 'til this is fixed.	bug report
SvaXvzgffgwgga1 we streets xft s GG fga GTGavvcqc f	irrelevant information
notifications dont work so I have to remember to check for messages. I have missed out on many things as a result.	bug report
This app's not sending SMS messages anymore (again) so that's a no.	bug report
Hate the new UI. Runs slower than before. Image transfers work on and off. Forced addition to get contacts from phone contacts made me remove permissions from the app. I should not renew my Nitro account if this nonsense and extra hassle keeps up.	bug report
Best way to communicate to a large group	irrelevant information
It has been a great app for a big group of people to stay in contack. We use it for all our emoyees to get in touch with the managers or post their own thing individual. We can reach each other 1 on 1 or a group as a whole. Its been great	irrelevant information
used to work ok the first few I had it but now when I make calls the other person can't hear me at all. I've already tried 3 clean installs with no success and my microphone permissions are on.	bug report
Great for private but it's taking up 5 gig in memory and I can't fix this without deleting the account.	bug report
I can't get it to let messenger add my phone number	bug report
I am not getting any verification codes with this app	bug report
Program seems to be Flawed! I have been Using it; but, it Refuses to Acknowledge this; and, it takes away my Phone Number, instead.	bug report
Fix discord omg its telling me to put in my email u guys fix it rn god	bug report
5th time my negative review got erased in order to pad a fake high rating.	bug report
This app is amazing you can talk to your friend gamer wherever you are	irrelevant information
New UI is simply not it. The old one was extremely easy to navigate, unique but simple, not so overwhelming, and just flat out better. I mean seriously, where do I even go to find app settings??	feature request
Notifications aren't working after the last 2 updates. Let's getting fixed.	bug report
The video call is perfect	bug report
CANNOT USE. Says I have disabled a permission.	bug report
I love this app, using it makes my cha tting fun	irrelevant information
couldnt save recorded videos on moblie	bug report
Have to Uninstall and reinstall because it stops notifying me when I receive messages	bug report
Well its all good until they won't let u make calls without paying, even if it thru wifi..go with text now, they let u talk for free	bug report
I'd give it five if you could perminantly delete conversations. Otherwise, it's really great.😁	feature request
Always an echo and very slow don't waste your time	bug report
Why does this thing make me have to leave a review? Now you get a one.	irrelevant information
This is the best group messenger app out right now but ever since I updated I always get error messages that are killing my battery constantly. . Stuff like " group me push is connected you can hide this in settings" and "Google cloud server could not be reached" really annoying! Please fix! !	bug report
I've made so many friends here. This is pretty nice. It's a bit complicated at first but when you get the hang of it, it's easy to use. (Update: 12/6/23) The mobile overhaul is GARBAGE	feature request
Phenomenal	irrelevant information
Can't create an account. I've been trying for weeks. It just keeps saying can't verify. I'm getting very frustrated. 😤	bug report
They want to charge you to upgrade if you want to get verification texts.	feature request
I only get texts when I open the app. Nothing comes up in the notification bar, there's no pop-up or sound. It was fine before but it isn't working right! Help! Please right back, I would like to know what to do. Also, what does "automatically add tiles to my screen" mean?	bug report
Too annoying when it comes to screen sharing, it kept on asking for "Start Recording with Discord..." thing every time I switch my screen's orientation (from portrait to landscape, and vice versa). To my mind, this is horrendous. The new UI is also hard to maneuver. The overall app's stability is also bad. For now, I highly prefer the older versions.	feature request
Stop asking for rates	irrelevant information
Everytime I try to unlock my account it says used limit exceeded try again tomorrow and when I try the next day it says it again Microsoft fix your app	bug report
ReallyGreat.	irrelevant information
Registrations fails	bug report
I wish there was a way to edit when you make a mistake. Also, have a way to like with emoticons other than just a heart. It takes too much just to put a smiley face on a post. But I love the memes, they rock and very wide variety. Thank you. I'd give 5 stars if those were fixed.	feature request
Worst app ever ... Lags all the time no privacy. just annoying	bug report
Easy and enjoyable	irrelevant information
since u updated i shall also update my review, i must say that the notification on what others is taking about is useless, how do i turn that off specifically	feature request
Discord for android used to be good, now with the new layout I cannot find anything, how do I get out of the server and see my friends list, or is there a way to get the old layout back? The app overall is good but I cannot navigate it. I also don't have too many network problems, although sometimes I send a message and I don't see it in a channel, no anyone elses messages.	feature request
I gave it 3 stars, reason being that the report system is a bit faulty. My account got disabled even though I was above the age requirement and they gave no warning at all and disabled my account. Now they're asking for a Photo ID with my birth date as well as a selfie of mine which kinda invades my privacy. Hopefully they enable my account again as I've had multiple friends on it which are now completely gone.	bug report
It's very good and it works perfectly💯	irrelevant information
Great app, allows me to stay in touch with family and friends during these trying times.	irrelevant information
Giving two stars for the size of the ads. Also, if you take a profile picture and then want to delete it, there is no option to remove photo.	feature request
Very cool App But i cant use My keyboard	bug report
Why does it randomly display dotted lines at the beginning of a line when making or receiving a list style message!? This has happened an 2 different phones now. Both android. Not sure if this only happening on that OS bc I haven't heard this from friends who use the app on iOs. Very strange and annoying. I have to manually copy & paste the message into Samsung notes to see the message correctly .	bug report
It's good I'm using this app	irrelevant information
it's a good back up plan when you can't pay your phone bill right away	irrelevant information
Discord was excellent but the recent forced changes are unintuitive, frustrating and less accessible. Everyone is overwhelmingly unhappy and the response has been to just deal with it. Please provide an option to revert the interface. I feel like I'm fighting with the app to keep track of messages and use basic features. The dark mode colour hurts my eyes. Whoever made these changes evidently does not use the app or care about discords users.	feature request
theres a severe lagging issue during a call it seems like there's a few seconds before the other person can hear you while you're talking and the phone will freeze when incoming calls are coming in, it will not allow the page to drop down so you can accept the call ..also the notification sound will not alert when a text message comes in.. I checked all settings in my phone. nothing is keeping this from happening it wont make a beeping noise it will vibrate but won't make the beeping noise	bug report
I signed up but don't have any minutes. Thought it was free minutes	bug report
UPDATE: After being contacted by a friend by email, i found out they couldnt get text messages through. I just found TextNow took my phone number because it was "inactive". This was done even though I PAY for the subscription every month, which one of the things that was supposed to do was KEEP the Same Number. If I cant keep my number, than this app is useless to me. As if it was the only number people had, and my number changed, they wouldnt be able to contact me. So im canceling.	bug report
My contacts do not receive pictures I send & even if I've checked ALL of my messages..... My notifier says that I have an great amount of unread messages! 😩 It is annoying honestly, but maybe I'm slightly OCD, idk..... Please fix these problems.... Thank you in advance😁	bug report
This the defacto phone app you need period	irrelevant information
overall the App was fantastic, but sometime the chat updated late as compared to desktop application. calling quality is Good	feature request
No bad things	irrelevant information
Was great until they dropped SMS support, and now they're trying to jam "stories" into the platform?	feature request
Posting Doubles - when I make a calendar entry it posts it twice in a row, sometimes 3 separate entries for the same event. Very confusing.	bug report
It'd be nice if it let me log in.	bug report
App works well. Helps with keeping track of everything that I read in the bible.	irrelevant information
but everytime i make a call it really sucks .. in text ing its good but please fix	bug report
skype numbers for canada please	irrelevant information
Latest update now makes it so it doesn't work on my phone! It use to work fine!!!!	bug report
I'm going to try it	irrelevant information
There is no incoming call alert notification at all. I get a miss call alert only. And msgs delivery takes a lot of time, there is a time delay, here I don't understand y this time delay. In Whatsapp it happens within seconds. Plz improve on this.	bug report
V poor reception in the last month, calls dropped several times while on to another Skype user. Sound was also v poor quality.	bug report
Nice app, I recommend this app.	irrelevant information
The app is so much less accessible and it crashes, like, once a day. I liked it better without the update.	bug report
Hi i really dislike the recent update,the dms are separated from the front page and finding a freind has become harder, server notification has become harder to find the mark is moved to the edge and easily ignored the update is really bad example.	feature request
I really like this app a lot but since the last update it has been failing	bug report
annoying, aside from that the user face is a little un appealing. I am glad	irrelevant information
Love *privacy* keep things as private as possible.	irrelevant information
Very good nice chat	irrelevant information
it was good at first but after only 2 calls it starts charging	bug report
Really clean and reliable. Though has some glitches and synchronization bugs with linked device. It'd great to get them fixed for smoother experience.	bug report
Messages refuse to send, messages don't show up even with a notification, constantly crashing, the new update looks terrible and has been extremely buggy with loading, when I open a chat it puts me at a random point in the chat from days ago and not at the bottom where current messages are. Calls are never smooth, audio is missing entirely and they put the "turn camera around" button RIGHT on top of the "expand other person's video" button so you can't use either. Get rid of the update please!!	bug report
It is so nice to chat one on one	irrelevant information
Paid $5.32 to Skype using Google Play. Skype claims they never got the money. Customer service told me to wait for Google to process the payment. Days later, they told me to go to Google to request a refund. Google says I waited to long to request the refund, so the money is just lost.	bug report
It's great for connecting with friends I can't text or call and maintaining relationships.	irrelevant information
` ughh well for starters i wont let me call out & i just a pointless app honestly -.- ; i am about to uninstall it again for three time ..	bug report
I am unable to set customised notification tone on samsung s23 utlra. Same i was able to on my earlier phone oneplus 10pro. Can you please solve it.. earlier i was able to set any local ringtone on my oneplus 10pro phone as a notification tone but not in my samsung s23 utlra. Pls urgent as i have ciritical office notification which needs urgent attention.	bug report
You must have a great wifi connection (like full wifi connection) for it to work good. If you don't the call will either not go through or the person you are calling will not be able to hear you.	feature request
It say it's free want card info for 1.95 it's not free you can charge my card a ghost amount thanks	bug report
I love everything about these app, it's so easy to chat on here and the app is quite fast and doesn't lag 👍	irrelevant information
I need to be able to show as Available at all times. If I am logged onto Skype through my phone, but not actually on the app, it shows me as away to other people.  Also, I would love if this app worked with my Garmin and gave me notifications on my watch!	feature request
The call don't really work as well and there are way to many ads that I just can't get rid off but other than that it's ok	bug report
TEXTNOW IS STEALING MY CREDITS and WON'T DECENTRALIZE THE APP and LET PEOPLE BUY CREDITS WITH CRYPTOCURRENCIES	bug report
Dissapointed to have to change my review. The new update is a total mess. Their website says that it was meant to be a more dedicated mobile experience and make everything 'smoother and streamlined'. It sure is one of the mobile apps of all time. It does neither smooth nor streamlined however. Every passing update is a clunkifying nightmare due to the designer's lack of understanding as to what their own app is used for. Being a shoddy ios to android port certainly doesn't help it either.	feature request
Usef to work well unfortunately not anymore hoing to uninsyall and try once again	bug report
Username rollout was handled terribly, it does not make it easier to find people either	bug report
Just privacy!!!	irrelevant information
New feature please enable input link in text without embed link option.	feature request
Can't be added to group	bug report
Just what it need to be a good private messenger app	feature request
Safe and secure, fast and reliable	irrelevant information
I'm not able to open the app.. what good is it if I can't even use the app..? 👎	bug report
A good one	feature request
They made the app unresponsive, laggy, and unintuitive all in the name of making some PM look like he's being productive	bug report
Provide lite version. Current version suitable for desktop only. Make the app mobile friendly. For small phones very difficult to use..	feature request
It was a great app, but then random people started joining when we didn't invite them and kept posting links for essay writing services. 3 different people. All posted the same link. GroupMe, fix your app. If this is how you make money with ads, I'm never using it again.	bug report
The new ui of the app is more buggy and overall a worse experience than the old release. More often than not, switching channels shows the old channel and won't change, making me have to force quit the app to fix it	bug report
Buggy. Could improve	bug report
Phone calls can't be made.	bug report
Is a great ap until it stops wanting to load for awhile lol please fix this ! Thanks ❤️	bug report
As others have said, Discord is great but I don't like this new UI. It's also more buggy now. Even though I've cleared the cache. I can't even use it on my phone anymore with all the freezing. Please address these issues and I'll update my review.	bug report
Its cool I use it for my football	irrelevant information
Takes up too much memory on my phone.	irrelevant information
When i want to video call it will say unstable internet connection but my wifi router is right beside and + it also freezes and crashes on Android a lot	bug report
You have uninstall it to switch accounts. No sign out feature, no good. But I'm sure Microsoft doesn't care one iota.	bug report
Love the app, but its VERY laggy	bug report
decent free texting app	irrelevant information
I'm older (60 yo) and still trying to figure it all out, but I like how a group in Discord can be organized into smaller groups.	irrelevant information
Overall, really good and enjoyable with all the different features. I hate the new update though. I wish it was back to normal with the member lists and dms.	feature request
Great app. Love the security. Wish the desktop version could be passworded.	feature request
It Facilitates smooth communication.	irrelevant information
Sometimes crash	bug report
Horrible app am horrible blinking ads....wont download again	bug report
Could you solve your last update problem.. you have to tap each letter 3,4 times for it stays on a sms	bug report
works well, new update looks awful though	feature request
Easy way to chat with many different groups	irrelevant information
Not now Anyone ready to chat?	irrelevant information
Despite having some challenges deactivating my old Text Now SIM (GSM) so the new GSM SIM card can be activated on my replacement phone, I received stellar servixe from customer support tech Aaron G. via live chat. A trouble ticket was created so I look forward to a remedy in a few days and if all goes well, I will update the review again.	irrelevant information
The new update completely ruined mobile discord, I'd give 0 stars if I could because it's that bad and yet despite the community saying it's bad, it looks like the devs won't change it back to what WORKED FOR YEARS. And the new system is really messing with my OCD and autism and making me get sick just trying to use it.	feature request
In 2018 I signed up with this app, but I never used it. Today I tried to re-sign with a new account showed me that (my old mobile unit name & model) No longer exist & I cannot re-sign.	bug report
Good recommendation for my account	irrelevant information
I love this app, don't get me wrong. Honestly there's only really one thing that annoys me the most. My phone will bing and show who messaged me and a part of what they said but when I go to the app to respond and see all of what they said it doesn't show it. Like it never happened, but I know they will text me because I have a conversation with them but all I'm seeing is my messages. I tried to uninstall it and re-install like several times I even powerd and restarted my phone still nothing. Edit* they fixed it!!	feature request
Texting only	irrelevant information
It cuts out a lot. Doesn't always allow me to answer. Sometimes it crashes. All with full wifi.	bug report
Works smoothly and is always reliable.	irrelevant information
Crashing and uninstalling. Not cool	bug report
Not happy that I cannot send signal texts to others not on signal. I may have to find a more accessible app.	feature request
Why i cannot log in or register	bug report
Taking away features is not the way to go. We want SMS.	feature request
can't call out	bug report
Why can't I log in or sign in	bug report
Skype is always lagging or the words are coming in late or the video freezes	bug report
Hi I don't what happened but I can't to login in. I tried a few times and I gave up...Hi I don't what happened but I can't to login in. I tried a few times and I gave up unistalled the app. unistalled the app.	bug report
it was a very good app you could talk to your friends and chat but I didn't like how it was glitching a bit and other from that it's good but sometimes it gets a bit laggy and like a and it takes a long time for to catch up to the real video and thanks to Skype and the company who made this cos my life just became aware better but only if the Calls don't glitch and like have some dropped frames and sometimes the person's voice cannot be hurt and it's just frozen and the call ends and yea!	bug report
It will not load the newest messages.	bug report
it does what it says it does: you get a phone number for texting and calls over Wi-Fi. the only thing I have negative to say about it, if you can even call it "negative", is the fact that you can lose your number if you go too long without texting or calling via the app. I wish it just asked "do you Still want to keep this number?" if it's been a while since it's been used... not make you use it or take the number away. other than that, no problems.	feature request
Change my mind sorry Abt that	irrelevant information
Text Free is a great app if you need a disposable number. It allows you to search for a number using words. For example I have a number that is XXX-XXX-VAPE. The only thing I don't like is the unnecessary notifications. I could see if it was for ads but it's not. They keep reminding me of features I don't need or want. Other than that a great app and worth it for an additional number to use but 4 out of 5 stars because of it.	feature request
Fun way to find community and talk to new people	irrelevant information
I would give this app A 5 star rating but unfortionitly everytime i open this app. it crashes or it freezes up. making it very hard to comolete a message. i tshouldnt take me 10 minuets responding.	bug report
unusable, full of glitches that have existed, for many years at this point.	bug report
What can I say Free.. I love it ... And I use it all ta time...	irrelevant information
You see I tried to open a account hundreds of times but when ever I enter the code it says that an existing account is using this number . please remove it can be used as a new account but this is the first time I am opening a discord account.please fix it as soon as possible.	bug report
The new updates are not it. I don't like the way I have to go from servers to dms and how I can't just swipe to get to servers now. It's atrocious	feature request
i like that you can text some people that you keep in touch with, but you can't call them cause it costs money and some people may not recieved your text because they have a different device	feature request
the new update sucks. it's so ugly, and i think they should bring back the old version, or atleast add a setting so you can switch to the old style. definitely won't be using this anymore.	feature request
Could be interesting	irrelevant information
Well, it used to be good. It was the only app that wouldnt transfer from my old phone, and now it wont allow me to text to anyone who wasnt in a previous group even tho i allowed my contacts. i basically vant do anything with it and i had go go to the play store to delete the app. I deleted my account.	bug report
I mean... It is alright. Bro. If you are reading this, just know that I have a soul. And you have a soul.	irrelevant information
Calling on this app is terrible!! They cram apps into the call that force that call to sound like it's on speaker. Definitely not a good app for calls. Or really at all ...	bug report
I don't remember what email I used and I don't know how to verify it and none of the advice is helping someone else who had this problem please help me out I need to log back in but I don't know how.	bug report
Have been using the app for a long time, but the updates keep making it worse. The ui keeps getting worse, while the new features, while neat, don't add that much value to me personally. I've resorted to turning off auto update and praying my current version doesn't break, around update 116 was peak discord.	feature request
The new layout is horrible and very hard to navigate compared to the previous one	feature request
The new design is sluggish and unresponsive. It should never have been changed	bug report
Why am I unable to create a PIN even after multiple attempts??	bug report
Tired of doing stupid updates.Give me one stable version and open source and then end of story.Every day stupid updates.	irrelevant information
Its a lovely app. My experience thus far has been all positive .	irrelevant information
it won't work after updating it.! This my only way of texting.! Fix it .!!!!	bug report
Works great for texting. Haven't had much success with calls, but it's not my normal usage. I don't mind the ads on the bottom, but the pop up ads can be a bit annoying.	feature request
We are Muslims we rejected the Sweden	irrelevant information
Can't receive phone calls.it sucks it used to be so good now it's bad	bug report
Not able to answer the phone sometimes	bug report
Good way to share things among the family	irrelevant information
It's my first time using this app... and I think it's okay, I guess.	irrelevant information
Keep telling me there are no numbers to display what's going on I can't even get a phone number	bug report
Doesn't want to open text from people and sometimes will not load..	bug report
Great app. Makes things simple.	irrelevant information
Freaking awesome	irrelevant information
Just one more app to put on this stupid phone.	irrelevant information
I hope you have a web app that can also do calls like on how it works on phone	feature request
You get what you pay for	irrelevant information
what are you	irrelevant information
Its buggie and it always trys to connect when wifi is available but fails to and now when you click on another server from what your in it loads to another one but still shows the name of the one you left	bug report
Used to be great. Have been using Signal for years for encrypted and standard SMS. 5 stars before. Why would they turn off support for standard SMS? Terrible decision! Now I need a new SMS program!	bug report
Hello there seems to be a probem with the bar on the left side. It often glitches and when i swipe to the right, it wont move away instead it sticks there and covered half of the dms	bug report
My experience is that it's n up full of fraudsters who want to scamm pple of hard earned money	irrelevant information
ENOUGH SAID BE SAFE PEACE....	irrelevant information
Good app but for some reason it keep logging me out and trying to give me a different number. This is really annoying.	bug report
I had it and now I can install the app again don't know what's going on	irrelevant information
New update is GARBAGE. Change it back or give people the option to customize it.	feature request
Good way to message with large groups. It is easy and convenient to use.	irrelevant information
Not a fan of the forced open ads. No consent. The ads that open randomly on their own and redirect you to a website could be harmful. That's really shady. Terrible business practices. Why do I need to allow access to files and media to check a voicemail?	bug report
its worked crystal clear even VOIP from South Africa on laptop phone call to my mother's cell phone	irrelevant information
Tons of ads... Barely functional in its current state because of them. Constantly tries to download unwanted apps. Beware.	bug report
great app. I use this with my other business /hoe line	irrelevant information
This is a great app. I use it for work, and it is wonderful keeping up with everyone during the day.	irrelevant information
Clunky, buggy, cashgrab experience.	bug report
Free textn app.	irrelevant information
I have problems with the notification system. It doesn't notify me of new	bug report
Too hard to get minutes for calling and call quality is horrible	bug report
Terrible at transferring, have to change your profile and information, groups every time. Massive pain. Much worse than other messengers. I would not use it if not required to for work.	bug report
Good for its purpose	irrelevant information
Succs. It says its free but when you set it up and try to call someone it won't let you cuz u dnt have any credits. SMDH	bug report
Not only is this a trashy copy of "trendy" UI, but there are text sizing issues on the DMs screen, message whitespace/gap issues, and my friends constantly say I randomly sound like I'm underwater regardless of settings. Just overall so unbelievably buggy. Now the mobile app isn't even consistent with the design of the desktop app. Navigation is so bad now. Too many taps to get to diff menus instead of swiping like before. Messages moved to the bottom??? Yeah, no. Revert the update. ASAP.	bug report
Love it good messaging app	irrelevant information
App for phone connection are bad. Too much echo and texting is slow .	bug report
This is "in my opinion" one of the BEST apps of its kind. It works WELL & it's FREE!! What more can you ask. Keep up the good work. & THANK YOU 4 a great app.	irrelevant information
It is convenient and super easy to use!	irrelevant information
The layout is genuinely painful to traverse, but if we put that aside I have to re open the app because conversations don't want to open like seriously what is this	bug report
A "rate this app" popup appeared before I even finished signing up.	bug report
Won't load my videos. Not a good app	bug report
Hi I deleted the app, are my groups still there or it can be restored?	feature request
rooms keep disappearing when I log off	bug report
i have been using the app regularly for about 6 years now but the new ui update is really ruining my experience. its extremely hard to see new messages, its harder to navigate through the servers and its such a big change from the old one, with no way to go back. im going to cancel my nitro as well until it is better.	feature request
This app is so buggy. Profile pictures and names never change when updated, and messages don't send even when there's a strong data/wifi connection. It's very inconvenient as I use it for work and school.	bug report
Will not let me log in to my account	bug report
I give it a low rating because just recently the app never works. I open it and it crashes instantly, I tried reinstalling the app, only to notice it doesnt open. Please fix this.	bug report
I don't have any problems with it so far no bugs or any kind of technical issues yet as of now it works great 👍😃	irrelevant information
Connection is poor..calls are not clear and get dropped.Also,unable to hang up when call is lost.	bug report
Just like sending texts on your phone and you can text with any kind of cell phone.	feature request
But I really wished that android users had the option of seeing the date on the text not just the time.	feature request
Left because of removal of SMS support, like seriously, horrible decision byeeeee	feature request
when this app works it is ok...not great. But I've had to uninstall because it says I have to confirm with Microsoft, when you go to the site specified it is vague and does not explain how to fix. I am not happy with this app.	bug report
Needs work. Vibrate boo!. Server down, boo! Has promise though.	bug report
Where did Skype app for chrombook go?	irrelevant information
i used to love this app. but now the layout is confusing and homogeneous. if it's not broke, DON'T FIX IT	feature request
Every once In while I have issues with calls coming through, but overall for a free app it works really well. It's a shame you can't buy a plan with mobile data included so I didn't have to rely on wifi In order to use the app. I'm thankful either way though, atleast I have a way to communicate without having mobile data.	feature request
What I stated before a large misunderstanding I did not have my facts straight	irrelevant information
Please remove the ads	irrelevant information
Works swiftly and much larger file limitations than built-in SMS/MMS app. HOWEVER, removal of SMS support (rather than only supporting Signal to Signal messaging) was a MASSIVE blow to the app. I understand that this feature was removed to ensure user privacy in all conversations, but we were already aware that Signal ↔️ SMS didn't have encryption; it was made very clear. Was a 5-star app. Now, a solid 2.5 -- might as well use Snapchat at this point since others HAVE to have a Signal account.	feature request
I've never owned this but its probably good lmao	irrelevant information
pretty good. sometimes my phone wont notify me when i have mesaages and im not sure if thats the app or just my phone.	bug report
great program once you get the hang of it	irrelevant information
One of the worst apps by Microsoft i can't sign in for no reason	bug report
If there was any other Skype client for Android, I would switch to that one immediately. It's the worst mobile messaging app ever. It loads any chat several seconds, and if you switch to another chat, it will again take several seconds. Sometimes it shows only last message in the chat and you have to reopen the chat again to see all history.	bug report
I wouldn't recommend this for people with not so good data plans I had it for a week and it used almost one gigabyte but it's good texting app over WiFi sometimes it doesn't send a message or you don't receive one which is a pain but it's good in that category	feature request
I kept getting random calls from fast food chains	bug report
This Signal app does not let me text message just any of my contacts. They have to have the Signal app also. When it was new you could use it for everyone. Now no more which is what makes me rate it low.	feature request
this used to be a 5 stars. I really tried to give their update some time, but it is just so awful, unintuitive, loss of ease of access. Incredibly buggy. Can't even customize it and not even an option to switch back to the other theme. I can't stand it and will be using the discord desktop app exclusively. Stop bootlicking shareholders and listen to your customers.	bug report
I'm struggling with accepting phone call otherwise I would give it a four star	bug report
It was like eating a York PeppermintPatty	irrelevant information
Cool only 4 wifi when u don't wanna give out ur real number...	bug report
I like discord but it baffles me as to why they don't separate personal messages and servers	feature request
I tried making a new account but it wouldn't even let me	bug report
After I sign in, it asks me my date of birth, after putting the information and pressing the but on next freezes, tried from my phone and is the same story, what should i do? Can't access  Skype since a week ago, very disappointed	bug report
Picture is always oriented wrong. No matter what. Tried everything.	bug report
This new app is close to unusable! Intrusive slider thing to set the background colour but no useful controls e.g. sign out or add credit!	bug report
This is very awesome 👌 I really love using this site 😍 ❤️	irrelevant information
Fantastic app recommend	irrelevant information
I've been trying to download this app for three days and it doesn't download so if you ask me something else needs to be done to make this app the whole lot better good right now it sucks	bug report
Don't have a password and have no clue where they sent the reset for it. Checked my account. Not there. Need it for my work teams contact. Very upset.	bug report
Please remove the username feature and re add the hashtags instead.	feature request
got an alert that app needed to be updated. tried numerous times and got a message that there was an error on their side and to try again. I tried again, uninstalled the app and tried to reinstall. same error message. now I am without Signal.	bug report
SMS and Encrypted messages in the same app. A desktop app is also available Edit: lowered to 3 stars and they are removing the SMS feature. It's no longer beneficial for me to replace the default app so it's useless has dropped massively.	feature request
Can't add more than a few names and then starts giving errors. Have tried creating new groups with the same problem. Other people in our group have tried as well and they get the same error. Any more that just 10 or so names and it won't work at all. There is no further explanation given as to why the name can't be added.	bug report
Errors alot claiming not to have internet connection .	bug report
great backup Incase you go a day or two without paying your bill.	irrelevant information
Blocks text codes behind premium version.	feature request
Need to add a notification for when i get a dm request	feature request
Unoptimised dogwater UI update	feature request
Works fine, but i cant change my name in it	bug report
They charge .check out the free one	irrelevant information
The app constantly fails to understand what a Bluetooth earbud is, when to use it, and freezes randomly.	bug report
Nice app for groups be communicate.	irrelevant information
Never get a text once the app is closed	bug report
Messages that I received in notification does not populate, messages I just sent does not show in chat. Sometimes clicking a different person still shows me the same chat I was on previously	bug report
Don't the job y'know, pretty laggy though	bug report
I love this app, i can talk to my friends and stuff, but lately, I've been experiencing a bad issue/bug. My Bluetooth will not receive audio while in calls. It works before call, I can listen to music but once I join it just goes through my phone. Once I disconnect my Bluetooth there is still an option to use Bluetooth as an audio output. Is there any way to solve this issue, if not please fix it	bug report
You can't receive pictures or send pictures unless they are using this app.	feature request
Why I can't receive a number of USA? If anyone knows, please help me to solve this problem	bug report
I can't log in into my old account, whenever I put my number and press next it just likes freezes, I keep spamming it but it doesn't work, I tried closing the app and verify it again it doesn't work.	bug report
It wasn't pretty good app, after about 3 to 5 uses they insisted on my contacts which included all of my files and media. There is only so much i can give up.	bug report
phenomenal. ngl this be the best app on my phone. its legit cracked af	irrelevant information
Enjoying this in contact with friends. Has been very useful. Don't know all the features yet, But learning.	irrelevant information
Doubles phone number digits	irrelevant information
Pretty good app. Not sure about the time limit messages are kept .????? I need full text msg record from begining I started using . Any info greatly appreciated. Good app except not all msg seemed to be kept.	feature request
Usually it works great and I'd give it give stars, but there are times friends don't get my messages until up to a day later.	bug report
Proximity sensor not turning off screen anymore during video after one of the last updates. These are the basics!	bug report
The keyboard is missing important keys. One of which is the return key, which "send" is now instated. We do not need a second send keys there. Everywhere else there is a return key, which when I need it, I find that I send a part of my message which is very annoying. Sending lists is of course absolutely impossible now	bug report
txt msg works fine, havent make much calls, but it seems to be solid. not	irrelevant information
Year 2023! And TextNow is mediocre at best. Bunch of bugs, calls STILL get dropped and/or bad connection, bunch of ads! Mind you I totally understand the fact that ads are what makes this free, but TextNow has now an absurd level of ads... In this day and age, how is it that there is NOT a company courageous and smart enough to offer the public total absolute free phone and text messages??? TextNow reclaim your POTENTIAL, lot of people are still counting on you. If you only knew.	bug report
I don't get my notifications when I receive a message. Sometimes I do but sometimes I don't..!	bug report
Removing SMS capability..... Great way to ruin the app developers.....	feature request
Cause of quarrel	irrelevant information
You cannot erase your chat forever nor yourself from a group group me keeps a back log no privacy beware	feature request
they do not care about your privacy, and the ui sucks.	irrelevant information
I like the idea of GoupMe but there's so many bugs in the app. If you	bug report
No doubt.. It matters privacy.. we expect some essential features those no need our statistics or even single datum.	irrelevant information
Like most other longtime users of this app, I'll be deleting it when the sms support is dropped. No need for a messaging app working only with a subset of my contacts.	feature request
This is an amazing app but the recovery process needs help. I had to create a new account because I accidentally deleted the app. Make sure to remember all your codes!!!	feature request
Thanks again for your help	feature request
Latest release feels like they changed things just to change things. The old UI was way more intuitive and, more importantly, responsive. It can take seconds for the server list to load and picking a server is cumbersome. I'm not the most accurate tapper but I've never had an issue with the previous UI	bug report
Refusing to update untill you allow users to switch back to the original GUI if they wish.	feature request
They need to bring the older update back the new one is only fit for aesthetic purposes. It only looks nice other than that it's terrible now. It crashs when I get it to fullscreen, it's super laggy on mobile and I wish they would focus on preventing it be like this.	bug report
Display Issues I am unable to view the posts. They are large and half off the page. I can't post due to the menu scrunched in a single column with the words/options to big to read.	bug report
Was doing great but now it keeps closing as soon as I open it!	bug report
Unable to login to my account even after so many reattempts. New login detected. Check email. Message every time	bug report
Io keep preserves sssfxfrefxztd♎♌♌♌ ttexfxdoxct	irrelevant information
Long delays in delivering messages, even to other Signal users. The many troubleshooting suggestions available do no address the problem.	bug report
I open the app and my messages disappeared it wants me to get a new number and I just used it last night so I don't know why it did that. I'm so sad I can't even choose my number no more...what's going on	bug report
Takes to long for this app to load to your phone, all you do is wait and wait for the app to load.	bug report
Very organized	irrelevant information
App isnt responding	bug report
This app is wonderful just what I needed 😃!!!	irrelevant information
It's good I love it I'm addicted to it texting my friends all day but the reason I gave it 4 stars beacuse it's glitching always and kicks me out the app for no reason so please fix this!	bug report
The latest update broke the notifications, no matter what I do I won't get get notified of new messages and before the automated response says so no I don't have discord on my PC. Only my phone and I would submit a ticket if your website deemed to recognize my email and password as when I try and reset my password I never get an email to do so and no it's not in my spams folder...please fix the notification problem asap.	bug report
Look, a lot of people are review bombing but this is genuinely a problem. The app feels a lot less accessible now, the share dialog is a busy unreadable mess now and things that used to be easy to do like sliding to see who was online or on the server are gone. I felt like I was finally enjoying the UI layout that you had before the update after hating it for a while because of how different it was. But, now that I am used to the old version this just feels like an uninformed slap to the face.	feature request
New UI makes everything slower and more complicated. Just switch back yo the old one...	feature request
Painfully slow.	bug report
Its the worst. Why can't you receive verification codes but you can only if you pay for it? I'm just going to stick with text now. Don't waste your time	bug report
Skype is very very nice calling aap	irrelevant information
Yooo unupdate this 🔥🔥🔥🔥	irrelevant information
Calls keep dropping after a minute or 2	bug report
I will find whoever made this new UI	feature request
Ok I had problems at first but then I figured it out by getting new # & I dig texting 4 free to phillipines but it lags sending or receiving text	bug report
As a 5t6	irrelevant information
Its good i used it on differenf devices, but when i use it on my tablet it wont, it doesnt let me sign in or sign up, please fix this because I had a very important phone call and it woud decided if i was good or not.	bug report
i love that it doesn't have the option of showing if your online or your last seen i like it people don't need to know when you connect and when not so i like that part i love that it got updated to being able to upload stories i like it the only thing ive noticed is that if you upload a story and you only have 10 contacts at the time of the upload and agter you add a contact that new contact can't see your past story its a bummer but not a big deal but if it can,be fixed it would be great	feature request
New layout is terrible. It used to take a swipe and a click to do things that now take 2-3 additional moves. And I've stopped getting notifications entirely this blows.	bug report
I love the call things	irrelevant information
Hidden charge options for example that are necessary for keeping ones phone number and eliminating adds, far too expensive at monthly not yearly.	feature request
This app is awesome. Crystal clear sound quality. No audio distortion voices come out clear.	irrelevant information
This app will record all audio on your phone at all times even if you don't allow microphone permissions on the app and turn off the mic on your phone. Sketchy	bug report
No good cant hear	bug report
Tha whole Social Screen is amazing	irrelevant information
Mostly the voice is clear	irrelevant information
I love it but the ads	irrelevant information
Nice to be secure	irrelevant information
Do not get notifications letting me know I have a message. Would not rate at all.	bug report
Lost all my minutes for no reason.had lots . drops so many calls	bug report
I"m thrilled to have access to commuinacate with the Women's groups & churches that use Zoom.	irrelevant information
Crashes every time I try and open it	bug report
This app sometimes freezes up and I can't receive or send messages	bug report
Nice way to communicte	irrelevant information
This is an easy and user friendly way to communicate with a large specific group of people.	irrelevant information
Please revert the updated UI. This used to be the most smooth and easy to use UI I've used, the changes made everything load significantly more slow and there are were more button pushes required to do the same things. It's significantly less intuitive to use. This app was great because the PC version was so similar to the mobile version. If you use one you can easily use the other. Now the mobile app is completely different and worse off	feature request
I was on a phone call and when I hung up it said I purchased something? I didn't AUTHORIZE any purchase from you people. So I suggest you cancel any purchase from me because it was not authorized. Star	bug report
Thank you for the free number love it's app.	irrelevant information
Good app but quite temperamental...also, the password reset feature doesnt work, after typing the email address, the Update Password button does nothing! Also, if a phone is screen-locked, by the time one types the password and unlocks it to accept, the call, the call would have been missed already	bug report
Thanks for the application	irrelevant information
I've had this app for over a year. It has been fine however after the new update it constantly freezes and logs me out. The most frustrating part is it's constantly begging me to do this review which I have done several times at a five star rating however due to my level of frustration I'm gonna have to drop it off a couple stars. Please fix!!!	bug report
New ui was just forced on me and it is confusing and unattractive, it isn't user friendly. There was nothing wrong with the old layout. If discord gave the option toggle between the layouts to give users a choice I think most people wouldn't be so upset by it.	feature request
App doesn't let me know when someone textes	bug report
It was good a long time ago	irrelevant information
I love talking to my friends and making some during covid. 10/10!	irrelevant information
This is trash app i just join a 2 expired link and its not working again change that or else discord will turn to 2.1rating	bug report
Been using Doscord for years but in the most recent updates it seems to have trouble loading messages. I have full connection, whether I'm on wifi or 5G, and when I get a notification for a new message, I open the app only to find it "Connecting..." for forever. Closing and reopening the app seems to fix it but there is no reason it should have trouble loading messages if it has already been open and is just idle. Please fix this, it is very annoying.	bug report
good I have no complaints	irrelevant information
Awful full of imposters and scammers	irrelevant information
It's really good because it doesn't have any background Music so you can hear perfic5ly	irrelevant information
Seems like they deleted my negative review. But ads are incredibly invasive right now. Sometimes forcing you to click them to continue, taking up the whole screen, and bringing you straight to the store.	feature request
Freezes,never works, constantly telling me I need to change my number even though it's being used.	bug report
It's the best messaging app ever. They should try so number can be hidden	feature request
I have the same problem as ryan davis	bug report
App will not open. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still the same issue...	bug report
Not a bad app. Gets me out of a tight spot not having data on my phone. Would recommend to anyone who wants a backup number, or just to keep in touch with people you may not want having your number. Not a great app, but not bad. It does its job.	irrelevant information
Its perrrrfect	irrelevant information
Need more connection	irrelevant information
new ui is bad revert the changes	feature request
discord having lot of bug lately :/	bug report
it would be great if you could mute chats for 24hrs like you can on the apple version .	feature request
Consume battery alot and heating while video calls	bug report
Please do not allow playing videos of recorded once while in call	feature request
Hey! Did u guys get my message? oh probably not cuz i can't send any! Lol OK thanks bye	bug report
My Signal ever since the latest update keeps on crashing. I can only use Signal Desktop. I've already uninstall and reinstalled the app and it still keeps crashing. Please fix this?	bug report
Does this app tell anyone else good morning ? Curious as to why if so.	irrelevant information
Takes forever to send text	bug report
Quick and dependable. I would like to be able to share longer videos.	feature request
It was awesome but it stopped sending texts to other people!!! This its the only app that I know of that doesn't use SMS and it doesn't even work	bug report
Calls drop to much	bug report
it's sucks message don't come in or go out and can't make any calls	bug report
Repeatedly asks for verification, about every 5 minutes	bug report
Is not working at all on my Cell phone but works well with my laptop	bug report
I can't update it propley	bug report
It only works when im connected to the internet which defeats the purpose of having the app. If i had internet i would just use messenger or snap chat.	feature request
I've never used a messaging that works so bad like this god I'm really really frustrated with this	bug report
It's laggy and slow in my device . 🥺🥺	bug report
The ads bro	irrelevant information
The sound quality is very poor and very quiet, no only on this device but several different devices. Developers need to pay attention to the audio quality ASAP. There's no point in using the app if you are unable to hear anything.	bug report
Since a reason update, I receive no notifications on my phone. I have every notification for discord turned on in the settings and notifications in general on. Nothing works. I've even uninstalled and reinstalled.	bug report
How do I update Skype?	irrelevant information
NETWORK GROUP	feature request
Can't open text app	bug report
It's good but sometimes when I need verification codes I literally have to pay and I'm not wasting money just to get codes.	bug report
I really love this app and it privacy 🔏	irrelevant information
New UI is so bad, why did you change it? It worked fine. I don't even want to open the app anymore.	feature request
We'll it was good until the recent update. Laggy, glitched out and now I can't even send my buddies messages. Broken	bug report
Very nice 👍👍👍👍 apps	irrelevant information
the msjs wont send fast  and it will foreclosed	bug report
Easy n free	irrelevant information
I love groupme so much it is a w app for me and my teamates	irrelevant information
It appears to be working	irrelevant information
Used as 2nd # it performed well wirh other aps.	irrelevant information
Does not work to join group chat	bug report
Not bad. It does what you need it to do.	irrelevant information
Add online or last seen .who can see your profile picture or status option features	feature request
They really messed up with the latest app update because I can't switch pages.When I click on another section,it registers the switch but it stays on the same page.	bug report
Everything is good 😊. Only one request. PLEASE update this app with Last seen feature.	feature request
It is a great app but I hate all the ads I'm getting	feature request
It seems to work good	irrelevant information
Slow I'm trying buy minutes keep telling to install get free minutes	bug report
I like it a lot but idk how to add bots on my server with my phone, like ones that have good commands	feature request
I have tried repeatedly to get on GroupMe with my church. I have asked for help and I did not get it. Disappointed.	bug report
I don't get the notifications for when someone texts me and  it sometimes it doesnt send texts...Other than that it's amazing!	bug report
Great app. Incredibly useful until the fateful day it decides to randomly, without warning, RESET EVERYTHING and you can no longer access any message you've ever sent or seen. This has happened multiple times. Incredibly frustrating. Incredibly stupid. Making me and my fellow users look elsewhere.	bug report
I just hate texting I'm going back to a normal flip or slide phone no internet but it's good for teens when your paying there bill ! Lol	irrelevant information
Recent updates have made this app a buggy mess. I can't switch between servers and dms without relaunching the app due to constant freezes.	bug report
After the update keeps crashing. Please fix your app asap, not working right	bug report
I have to keep reinstalling the app because it stops notifying me 😡	bug report
Didn't work and I couldn't call or text my friends and when I did try to call them it would deny the call straight away and my friends wouldn't get it.	bug report
It's been great for our church group!	irrelevant information
Great ease and ultimate privacy	irrelevant information
It has been working smoothly but lately I haven't been able to see any profile pics or server pics. Voice messages too won't load from my wifi, but when I switch to mobile data it appears. There's no issue with my wifi as it's working well on other devices. kindky help me resolve it	bug report
there is always an issue especially after updates. End up using Twitter!	bug report
This week I missed several notifications due to the app not alerting me even though alerts were set to on. I had to spend an hour working thru this issues these missed messages caused me. Lesson learned I cannot count on this app. This almost affected my grade in a bad way!	bug report
Discord is a powerful tool to have at your disposal, however the latest series of updates seems to have caused issues for many various users myself included. And what is suggested to do to alleviate these hard issues has not been working. Therefore I suggest caution and see if your particular device and OS are experiencing such issues.	bug report
Used the app for around 4 years, its nice. The new layout took some getting used to. A main problem have I is the swipe to reply being in the same motion as the edit text thing. Yeah its a lot faster, but annoying.	feature request
Good but online show feature add is important	feature request
Top Class	bug report
It works so well. It has a very nice app icon and there's no problem about sending ang receiving messages. And it has all the access when it comes to messaging.	irrelevant information
Great communication for the large group. All the ladies on our women retreat were able to stay in touch while traveling to Destin, FL, for shopping and exploring.	irrelevant information
it's actually fun cause of the new update!	irrelevant information
I've only used it for a day so far but it's pretty good and I can call anyone from my contacts and they dont even have to have textnow!!	feature request
I have loved this app for well over a year now but dropping SMS messaging is kind of a deal breaker for me. I don't understand this move at all. I have a core group of folks who use signal but it's definitely the minority of my contacts. Now I need two messaging apps? This is a bad move in my opinion.	feature request
I can send SMS but can't receive anything, it is not the first time. Samsung Galaxy S4 4.4.2	bug report
Always have problems logging in and I hate how I can't get pics	bug report
It's ok for now. I hope they get 4G LTE soon.	irrelevant information
I love this app but the ad banners make it a bit laggy could you please add an option to remove this even if it costs a dollar or two it would be well worth it unless there is something else making it lag this is my go to app for texting when I'm at home BC I have no cell coverage at my house	feature request
Really disappointed used to love the sap and bought the annual subscription every year but they've changed it to a weekly locking rate and if that's not upsetting enough I had purchased the no ads but since the same updates for weekly rates came the ads up comeback	bug report
Actually, this app is cool i did so much for it :D	irrelevant information
Best free WiFi text n call app there is ty	irrelevant information
that comes on my phone allows me to turn off vibrations so that I only get	feature request
So I had an issue when traveling, and contacted support. 3 days now and still no update, and not even any kind of message on what's going on. Definitely cannot use this for anything more than fun. --- Emailed as mentioned, but again radio silence. No reply. Totally unreliable.	bug report
Fix the bugs, can't send or reply to friends. After entering chat window few things happen. Either send button goes away or can't send messages cos send button isn't working. Can't quit chat window either.	bug report
Good all around. Some aspects from pc discord is either missing or hidden.	irrelevant information
This app pretty much saved my life when it comes to being cut off from my previous carrier by toxic family, and not being able to afford another carrier. $2 for a SIM? Saved my life I KNOW I can pay to be ad-free, but I don't have an issue with ads. I have an issue with your add placement, and how ads pop up. It shouldnt even be legal for an add to pop up where my finger was just typing, moving my keyboard to open an ad. Now an ad is opening a new tab on my phone on its own? Fix placement.	feature request
i purchased lock in number and every week for the two months i had it, i would get a constant msg everyday every 10 mins saying..we're sorry but we are unable to process your payment...even though the payment would always come out of my account..i ended up cancelling because its annoying and its been over a month and im still getting the same msg plus a constant msg saying..dont lose your number to inactivity, eventhough i use my number all day everyday..	bug report
This App is really really awesome and so incredibly cool too WOW you guy's totally Rock too most definitely yeppers	irrelevant information
Not impressed with this app at all!!It takes forever to download...I want to use it but it doesn't download at all!!Make a plan guys...this is very frustrating!	bug report
It is a good group app for sharing information.	irrelevant information
I wouldn't be without skype. Crucial for international business calls, airlines, hotels etc	irrelevant information
I am not getting notifications when I get a message on this app. It has been great for several years but has recently become unusable. Please fix and I will gladly review again.	bug report
I am bumping my review up a star as the previous update seems to have fixed a good number of the performance issues. I will update this review with more stars if they stay fixed.	irrelevant information
The texting was great, quick but the calling did not work AT ALL.	bug report
Used to be good, but every call has a problem with the other person not hearing me after a short time.	bug report
messages dont always show when they come in	bug report
Some times superb......otherwise worst app	irrelevant information
(Entire review has been edited to be more helpful) with the recent updates, discord has been simply hard to navigate through, I felt as if the old ui was much better and convenient.	feature request
It uses a lot of data.	irrelevant information
It works but the pop ups are extremely annoying and make it hard to recommend. There are much better options.	feature request
Dont really care for this.	irrelevant information
The new UI sucks and it's VERY AWFUL i wish you discord return the old UI.	feature request
This app changed the number I've been using over a year , and I didn't even know it. I never requested a number change.	bug report
Gonna need that sms support, chief	feature request
It wored good than wouldnt open	bug report
Every time I refresh the app my entire number changes, completely defeating the entire purpose of the app. Why is this app even on the play store? Locked me out of the app, worst app ever screwed me over completely because I did not realize the number changes every time you leave the app. Horrible app	bug report
Great tool to communicate with a group. It's a little hard to set up if someone doesn't already have the app.	irrelevant information
It suckered your service is not worth even downloading	bug report
Call quality is good for the most part. I havent tried it with this latest update, however, before the update, calls would either drop, get staticky ot just not go through at all. Hopefully this app remedies that. Then you will get the fifth star.	bug report
My notifications are all turned on and it doesnt make my phone ding or vibe unless im actively using the app. Also i cant find anywhere online or on the app where i can pay to remove ads. Otherwise its very good at what it was designed for.	bug report
its not working after download.	bug report
i like using discord to chat with my friends but after the newest update, there are way too many bugs.	bug report
UI has been updated to an awful state. That was fine when we still had the good UI to revert to, but that option was removed. Looking forward to the next app to come along so we can swap on desktop as well.	feature request
There is no last seen and online status Option	feature request
Trash ui Bring old ui back.	feature request
Thanks to the founder	irrelevant information
why does it take me hear when i accept a server invite and already have the app installed	bug report
Since 10 days, voice msgs are not audible even after reinstalling the app	bug report
Greet Service for phone or tablet lose one call the other	bug report
All the attractive cool features are either under nitro subscription or under server boost packs. And also mobile activities take a lot of time to load.	feature request
Really good system but I cant access my acount that I made on the computer because I used facebook and it doesnt show any way of signing in with facebook	feature request
It doesn't work all that well	bug report
I've had my text free app for a while and I just bought the new ZTE Max "Phablet" and I installed the app and then right away when I open it , it crashes and this is entirely inconvenient..I text my boyfriend from Canada off that app and I love it! I don't wanna have to use text plus. I was hearing that the text free app isn't up to date yet so thats why it doesn't function well on the phablet, is that true? If so then I should just install the text plus app now..	bug report
Works great for me. I even use the free version!	irrelevant information
just wish it keep my old text	feature request
nice and easy to use. cuts down on text message use!	irrelevant information
Still learning. But so far I'm doing well.	irrelevant information
Since more than two weeks now I can't use skype, choppy sound, I can't hear anything. I have the latest version. Please help!	bug report
Doesn't rotate camera. "Support" is some weird guy who thinks the solution to everything is uninstall, clear cache, reinstall old version from shady website, and use outdated unsecure drivers. He's been giving that same advice foe this problem for 3 years!! What a joke! Dude, just fix the damn camera rotation in your app.	bug report
The only thing I have a problem with is for some reason I dont get notifications for one of my groups so I have missed important messages	bug report
The entire app just.. breaks. I'll open discord, try and call someone, and the call screen will just be smushed and half missing, and if I leave it, I then can't access the call screen at all. It then takes multiple restarts until it finally decides to load properly. This glitch also effects image loading. So, discord, I hope you learned that changing the UI which wasn't as broken to something worse was a horrible mistake which I hope you reconsider and change back to how it used to be.	bug report
It won't let me sign up because it says it's an error	bug report
Horrendous performance and terrible user experience.	bug report
Secure! Good!	irrelevant information
The provision to star the messages as well as edit the sent msgs would help. Many features are good.	feature request
Spammed everyday for not using your number	irrelevant information
constantly glitches now, doesn't connect to calls and erases/ prevents picture transfers	bug report
Always a solid connection....	irrelevant information
Good for calls and text.	irrelevant information
Could you guys not mess.up the good things about the app for instance you made the mobile apps UI terrible it used to be good but now it's not as of latest update now it's hard to traverse the server list and servers you want to go to and you can't check the server list anymore like you used to be able to	feature request
It's much harder to create a group than in WhatsApp.	feature request
My contact info has been hacked/sold for solicitation purposes through this app along with other members	bug report
Not able to uninstall	bug report
G@a@azza@a@azzaz@af5 have fun though	irrelevant information
Its very useful and helpful. Met a lot of friends there	irrelevant information
Very good , more private way to keep in twitch groups of ppl😎	irrelevant information
Hi it won't allow me to register	bug report
It sucked uninstalling it	irrelevant information
Great experience after using number of apps, add free, clear voice quality	feature request
Doesn't allow you to easily search for a user.... Has a search bar but it's for finding groups, not people. This app is dumb. Don't download this	bug report
Fairly good app with one main issue: App won't let me answer 50% - 75% of incoming calls. I have to decline the call (sometimes not allowed), or wait for caller to disconnect. Then I have to wait an unspecified amount of time (varies wildly) for a text to come in telling me that I missed a call and then the app will allow me to call them back! Please fix. Other issue is call stability if you're using Wi-Fi to connect during inclement weather.	bug report
I love talking with my friends on signal	irrelevant information
It has network issue	bug report
Meed a widget!!	feature request
Hate the new UI changes. The entire app, even switching channels in a server is far slower than before. Much more difficult to carry on two conversations than before	bug report
The call breaks when we are just talking and the games break or don't load in multi-player. I've been a long time fan of discord but it has so many issues. But there are many possibilities that could make this app better.	bug report
It's a scam Don't make any purchases they will sell all of your credit/debit card information they did it to me a couple days later, I had purchases I had never made on my card.	irrelevant information
Its not bad but I've tried to log back in to my account and says that It is invalid. Then I tried to make a new one says something about a new verification code and never sent it to me so I'm not sure if this is a bug or it is really backed up but I might not use it again	bug report
The new app update is horrible. It is bogging down my phone and it is showing the wrong chats constantly. It is also just crappier and slower.	bug report
It's like they're trying to kill the app. We don't need bs stories. We do need sms support.	feature request
Still need a lot of improvements and more features.	feature request
This app stinks I made a number and its not an actual number I can't sign up to any other app it always says invalid it really stinks!	bug report
For the most part it's a good app, I use it when my phone is off. So as long as I am near wifi, it serves its purpose. But right now I'm between jobs, so I've been relying on the app a little more. But my issue is that, even though I understand that you say it's for security reasons, I can't sign up for certain work apps cause I can't get the code unless I pay for the app. It's frustrating because sometimes I can get a code, then other times I can't.	feature request
Notification overload!	irrelevant information
I'm still exploring but so far it's been pretty good.	irrelevant information
🤫 This app so best and safe	irrelevant information
Great app My only problem with it is the ads that have to pop up after every call	feature request
Signal used to work well. Then a few months ago there was an update. All of my messages disappeared, and now my screen is empty. The group chats which I was part of have all disappeared and I don't know how to get them back! Very aggravating! Lost all kinds of things that were important information to me.	bug report
Unable to create an account tried like a 100 times through Microsoft account, Google, Facebook everything but it doesn't and neither the customer support is doing anything	bug report
In the first time the discord work very well but now I can't connect to it it say connecting but don't open please answer me	bug report
Good app but sometimes lagg too much	bug report
It only works on wi-fi or mobile data. The secure texts should also work with normal SMS messages (without internet connection), but it doesn't...	bug report
Displays phone numbers???	irrelevant information
I loveD Signal. Having an all-in-one app where I could have secure comms with other Signal users AND still text people who aren't (and never will be) users because they don't care about security was great. But with the end of SMS support, using Signal is a hassle. I have to think about whether a given friend is on Signal or not when I go to text them. This is a poor decision by the dev team - elevating best security over usability will just bleed users and make us all less secure in the long run	feature request
This app freezes a lot	bug report
wish we could use the network up here in northern Canada	feature request
Who wants two texting apps?	irrelevant information
Worst app! Doesn't even allows the person to view himself. Uninstalling it right away!	bug report
DND! Stream for free! Tried discord for dnd screensharing. It wasn't great, appearing that the shared screen would not update if not focussed on it (although this might have been the vtt) Went back to Zoom. Thought that would be the end! Now Zoom has 10min cool down per 40min call... Tentatively, I went back to Discord. Best decision ever. We now have places for group inventories, session notes, and general chat. Thanks Discord (and sorry we didn't give you a chance sooner!)	feature request
I never receive notifications until I open the app recently (I tried a ton of things to fox it, like disabling battery optimizations, with no luck). I'm also not a fan of the giant Skype button that was added to group chats. It's an eyesore and I think it would be better hidden in a menu.	feature request
While my phone is temporarily disconnected, my daughter to me to get Pinger so I can text to keep in touch with friends and family as long as I am in WiFi range. I thought Yay! I do like that I have unlimited texting, but I HATE that I can't make phone calls! I absolutely would have given 5 ⭐if I could call friends and family.	feature request
I am very thankful for this or I would be without one ty very much	irrelevant information
App is problem	bug report
It's OK I guess	irrelevant information
It dose not ring through when you get a phone call	bug report
Stopped working after awhile	bug report
Worst experience stuck problem	bug report
It looks like they fixed the texting issue, so I'm updating my rating, giving it one more star. Now they just need a more pleasing interface.	feature request
I hv been using Discord since last few months and it's was okay untill today ( 7.11.2023 ) It started to crash and restart , I can't see any messages , I hv updated it , got rid of as much as memory I can , cleared caches but it's still not fixing , I hv tried to turn my Android on and off but still no result. It's my humble request to fix the bugs , I hv many people there and don't want to lose them , Thanks You.	bug report
Generally OK, but Skype is hacked from time to time, thus I receive spam.	irrelevant information
My messages don't load properly or at the right time sometimes, I don't have a notification until hours later or until I log into the app again	bug report
Messages always get through. Calls are clear and I never have a problem with video. I don't have any meta apps in my life anymore. And I don't miss them. I donate money and I get my family to use SIGNAL	irrelevant information
thanks a da	irrelevant information
First I wasn't receiving my messages until I logged out and back in and now I can't even open the app.... Plz Fix A.S.A.P	bug report
IT IS THE MOST LAGGY TEXTING APP I HAVE EVER USED!!! when your in a call that sounds like a dieing goat lol, but in all serious ness this app sucks	bug report
A lot of improvements in two years. However, when having block of pictures it would be great to have a option to delete few pictures from the block. Now, it is only all or one by one.. Cumbersome.	feature request
The app is good but I can't verify my phone number. So after signing in I can't access my account	bug report
It helps me connect with other small groups. I can also message individually. Some improvements could be made on it.	feature request
I haven't used this app	irrelevant information
Incredibly inconsistent with Bluetooth headphones. I can only get my Bluetooth headphone mic to work when I test the voice sensitivity.	bug report
To bad that they are dropping support for sms in the app. Since so few still use signal, this will probably cause me to stop using signal and just use sms to everyone since it will be hard to convince anyone to use the app.	feature request
Listen. I love Discord. It's convenient and I've made new friends. But I despise this recent update. Everything is wrong! It's hard to navigate my stuff on mobile now. Personally, I think there should be a way to choose the format. I prefer the old format on Android, it was much easier to navigate and made everything better. I can have multiple conversations going on, and having to constantly go back is so much harder than just having a button.	feature request
Why charges with international calling.	irrelevant information
Voice Audio not loading...	bug report
well this is my first time using this text now ,I can't believe how good this works there are no one bothering you I can use it as much as I need to and the best of all they are not a big bill at the end of the. month.howcan you beet that	irrelevant information
This app is rubbish... You can't even create an account, Everytime something wrong has occurred.. rubbish app, don't download please	bug report
Very poor quality and they want u to pay	bug report
As soon as  I updated the app it stop working..	bug report
It is fun and useful and there is so much creativity. But hackers are really bad though.	irrelevant information
backspace is pressed!	bug report
It stopped working since I updated it plz fix the bug	bug report
Would be perfect, except it randomly does not give me notifications when I get a DM.	bug report
Not free txt, gotta pay $9 to do anything...	irrelevant information
After recent updates it becamenot so simple to navigate. Impossible to explain to my dad how to find his previous contacts or add them to favorites or where is that list of favorites. Unhelpfull shi.t..y interface. Too complicated. Keep your  new UI if somebody needs it but make alternative simplified option to which old people could switch simple way!!	feature request
Its effed up now..so much glitches every few minutes ever since it is getting upgrade in past few months	bug report
Add option in which we can delete our chat only excluding media files	feature request
All of a sudden my phone just kept saying that it's connecting and it's just stuck that way. I've tried everything and I'm so confused it was working fine yesterday.	bug report
Not send confirmation code in your no. I'm frustrated this 0 rating app	bug report
It's not letting me open anything. None of my servers are working.	bug report
The new call UI is ugly and annoying. Who decided having your video preview be square, auto-minifying and split screening the other person when they're using a different app, the eye-sore bright colour background, and not being able to have the other person and their stream split screen are good ideas?	feature request
Are dropping sms messages and this app will only work if other person has signal app also. A big mistake, most friends quit the app after notice and I will have to go to another message app so most of my contacts can get my texts. Was good until they told us dropping all sms apps.	bug report
This has no free minutes. U have to earn ur minutes. Very deceptive!	bug report
Help!!my phones under attack without a sim card	irrelevant information
My calls are very poor	bug report
I NEED THIS APP BUT... I lost access to my phone number that i had locked in and was very important and my email also required that phone number in order to log into it so it locked me out of both and I have no customer service that I can contact through the website in order to get access to my account that has very Vital Information that I need to access	bug report
Old review circa 2020 Ive used this app for going on four years. Ive met some really amazing people and seen some pretty phenominal things. update: 2022, still using this bish update 2023: still going strong	irrelevant information
notifications are allowed. Pretty disappointed.	bug report
I like this app to send my messages	irrelevant information
Surviving homeless without mobile network plan active. Was so devistating and hard to work with jobs, make anykind of money. So just using text now, while roaming around seeking faree mobile internet at local businesses and local city parks and recreation centers password unprotected Wi-Fi. Helped me survive since i was introduced to Textnow in 2016. I give Textnow three stars if i get emailed that i am eligible to have my current sim card revert into a Textnow coverage plan i give five stars!	feature request
Absolutely abysmal and unnecessary UI update.	feature request
Bummer! The April '23 update failed and Signal interrupted my normal cell use. I ended up losing all my data. I had important work data (personal records only) I contacted developers. Waiting.	bug report
The new layout ruined the app. It needs to be rolled back or at least make it optional, as it stands now the app is considerably more clunky and non-intuiative. It's just not really worth using in it's current state.	feature request
it wont let me verify the account no matter what I tried	bug report
"Account not created" is the only thing it says to me after completing sign up, and the only button on the whole screen is "ok"... great thanks for nothing	bug report
Won't send pictures.	bug report
I won't even waste time to mention the chronic lags during chat nor the mis-synchronizations with other clients app on desktop etc. I can cope with that so far. But now a new frustration : each time I logout and choose the app to remember my login details, it systematically doesn't remember them and I have to put them back at logon. I remarked the same, but less systematic, behaviour on the destop client apps. You doesn't seem to be able to get any chat app right, do you ?	bug report
I used to love this app. Now they changed the interface and won't even let you change the colors back. This app has become genuinely painful on my eyes to use. I cannot use it for longer than five minutes at a time. All of the color options are too high contrast for anyone like me who may be sensitive to that. And since they changed the layout entirely at once, I'm running into double the bugs and glitches I used to, many that are frustrating enough to just shut down entire conversations.	feature request
this app is playing up on my phone and i even uninstalled it and reinstalled it and ot just keeps freezing so it's definitely the app and not my phone please fix this!	bug report
No stars for u I hate this ad	irrelevant information
Improved much over the 2 years (since my last review)	irrelevant information
Started lagging all the time, can't call only text!!!	bug report
There must be some kind of brain damage in management. Can otherwise understand why they dropped SMS support.	irrelevant information
Was a good app at first now my group messages don't send to the group I'm sending emailed support but no response	bug report
This hlep out alot whit court n more think you	irrelevant information
A great way to communicate with groups over 20 pp.	irrelevant information
This app keeps getting worse and worse. I downloaded early this year and with every update the app has something stops working. I currently do not receive messages when they are sent and my messages are being sent. Messages go through like hours later. I also have issues with answeothe incoming calls. 2 out of 10 calls I can answer. I have to decline the call then call them back... Signal must have a challenge to see how long I can keep using them... 🙄	bug report
Gosh the new update is awful. Half the time it doesn't function and only displays the same channel despite opening other ones even when changing servers. When you open DMs they are scrolled up 20 messages and need to scroll to see the most recent ones. The UI is confusing and doesn't make sense to just not keep the desktop one since I switch between the two regularly. Half thought out and a quarter developed 'update' that broke a perfectly working app and UI	bug report
I wasted money adding minutes to use this stupid ass app. It wouldn't let me make calls then took my damn minutes saying add more. I want my minutes or my money back. Have no problems taking legal action.	bug report
When are gonna be able to add videos on group me for androids?. adding a dislike button would be great.	feature request
The app sucks. It doesn't ring at all and sends my caller straight to voicemail.	bug report
Great app for networking and connecting with others.	irrelevant information
It was good my first time I didn't know what to do like a kid and my grand daughter did not now how to fix it	irrelevant information
I open and I crashed.	bug report
Thanks for ugly UI	feature request
I like it but you guys should make it so that people can FaceTime easier and you guys should make it like iphone messages and so that it says read when someone reads their messages!!!	feature request
nothing but scammers.	irrelevant information
I can not watch a stream while voice call. Please send help	bug report
Only given so many minutes and then have to pay for more. it's also kind of slow. my cousin sent me a pic from her other app and it took 4 hours to receive the image, even though we were sending texts in between and they were instant.	bug report
absolutely a life saver as I've been out of work injured and can't pay my bills but as embarrassing as that may be having a free way to make calls and texts is amazing.	irrelevant information
Horrible. Too many ads. Blocks text messages and makes you pay for the premium version	bug report
Had to uninstall as Signal have announced they will no longer be supporting SMS messaging. As predominantly used Signal for sending such, there is no reason to use it any further.	irrelevant information
It hasn't failed me yet in the past	irrelevant information
Amazing design and ideas that are integral to communcate properly and with organisation. However, the new UI update is absolutely awful; It's a hassle to navigate, makes things unnecessarily complicated and I have a sneaking suspicion that it is the cause of the new-found lag and slowness I experience when operating discord, however, I know that I will continue using discord to communicate will all my friends, create servers for my games and to talk to people about any topic I wish to.	feature request
fun if u have roblox and its sooo fun	irrelevant information
I hid my group by mistake, archived I guess. It does not give me the option to unhide or take out of archive	bug report
I was logged out and can't log back in. I use the service daily but I was forced to choose a different phone number because I didn't use the service enough. Wich is false. If this can't be fixed promptly, I will be forced to cancel the service. Oh and by the way... I've read other reviews by people that are having the same issues and your response is always the same. " The issue has been resolved" Well I can tell you right now that the issue has not been resolved and this is not the first time.	bug report
New search filters are broken	bug report
Constantly hangs up when partner is calling from jail rings u answer then the app cuts out and hangs up on him becoming really frustrating happens 2-3 times a day	bug report
Good Want us	irrelevant information
Good for future users	irrelevant information
It's good and it's private	irrelevant information
Good mainly 4 texting. Call quality could b alot better as it often drops calls, breaks up voices & static. As far as sending & receiving pics, its 2 confusing. Need to b able 2 text the message first, then select a # 2 text.  Needs to be a bit more smaller in size bcuz it takes up alot of memory/space for such a simple app. Thier should be a compatible app for diff devices, such as tablets. Also maybe a bit more app settings too.	bug report
help why is it always saying "connecting" everytime i open another channel/dm/server?? i checked my wifi & it isnt the problem, my messages wont even send on time	bug report
Terrilble on amazon tablets	bug report
Every time I use a call its ended after 5 min and I have to call again, and after 5 min talking it stops again and after 5 min again, very frustrating. So I used messenger for longer calls, while I just want to delete it!!!	bug report
Not bad great addition to jarvis	irrelevant information
WHAT HAPPEND TO AMOLED MODE?!?!(The fully black theme) PLEASE ADD IT BACK!!	feature request
Getting rid of sms support was probably the dumbest decision that could have possibly been made. I get the desire to force people to be more secure, but as countless others have said, this only hurts adoption.	feature request
it is great but lots of work to get on to	irrelevant information
Good, everything went well very happy with the system. Don't care about the ads at all	irrelevant information
This application doesn't login in oppo f11 pro.. So what I do for login	bug report
I beg you please revert the redesign. This is an awful user interface.	feature request
its good app took alittle getting use to	irrelevant information
Super garbage trash lying apparently	irrelevant information
Pretty good i just wish I had kept my numbers.	irrelevant information
Something doesn't feel right when I have to toggle the microphone permission after every time I actually call somebody in order to use my Mic for anything else	bug report
I cannot create a new account reCAPTCHA is not letting me go away i can't use it anymore, reCAPTCHA isn't solvable	bug report
Couldn't send chats	bug report
App was 5 stars before the ads but i understand. Ads interfere when I'm texting, phone calls are a little delayed but I've learned to talk through it.	bug report
After downloading the app it keep saying my phone number is unable to be detected. Please see to my complaints	bug report
won't let you receive verification codes without paying $10	bug report
BETTER in every way than rcs and Google Messages. Too bad that it can no longer be default texting app.	irrelevant information
Great app for free service just watch ads for mins	irrelevant information
Have to pay to receive any verification texts. Long time user that's now uninstalled.	bug report
Been using this for a year but since the last two updates all it does is freeze and f"*# up , can't make calls can't do anything, pathetic, uninstalling and looking elsewhere	bug report
it's slow but I still get my text and calls but the calls are laggy too	bug report
Good app for texting. Phone calls volume is way too low and i had to place on speaker to even get a glimpse of any sound.	bug report
Discord on mobile is really convenient. However, a consistent problem I always run into it is the notifications– there are times where it works but more often than not I would completely just miss messages because the notifications just happen to randomly stop working.	bug report
I legitimately despise this app. It has gone severely downhill and they no longer care about what they're doing.	irrelevant information
Ive been encountering bugs where i can't hear people,i can't speak and I can't upload files, please fix this bug as quickly as possible	bug report
clear call reception	bug report
I like this app alot. I think it's a great app especially for those who are struggling financially. Or students in college. When I had my other phone the app worked alot better. Now that I have a different Android, I have experienced calls constantly dropping, ads popping up in the middle of a phone call and the call will end. I know it's not this phone because I had another Android and it does the same thing. Please fix these issues please. Thank you.	bug report
It won't even let me log in on my galaxy s9+ 🤦🏻‍♀️	bug report
I was on my tablets home screen and it just called someone on its own i was not even on the app	bug report
Pretty good app but now glitchy since the most recent update and "support" is a useless auto-reply. Would be 4 stars if not for the glitches and poor CS. No way to talk to a human. The auto-reply suggested my issues were due to not having the newest version 5.49.3 (I do)... My issue is: messages don't send or come in without me repeatedly resetting things by closing and reopening the app. Very frustrating. Using WhatsApp in the interim unless someone can actually help fix this for me.	bug report
Great opportunity to use textnow without Wi-Fi works both ways. I feel like I'm finally in control of my calls. It's adaptable to any sim card that is in my account.	feature request
Great. But sometimes it doesn't ring, & the notifications don't beep or pop up, and yes I do have my notifications on, &yes I have the app running in the background at all times. Plus voice mails are erased after 2 days. & it doesn't have code authentication abilities, it doesn't show my name when I call someone, it doesn't do blocked caller, & it won't show caller ID when called. And the app is detectable by caller id's,	bug report
So far it's not so good but time will tell	irrelevant information
I forgot all my information and it doesn't have a button where I can get it back. FIX IT!	bug report
Privacy matters	irrelevant information
The new UI that just came out is really bad, the old one was much more intuitive and was similar to the PC version which makes it easy to switch between the two. Now Discord is trying to copy instagram and every other social media. My muscle memory is also screwed up now.	feature request
Worse app I have ever used. It won't let you receive calls or make calls. It does not do what is says it will. Do not download this app is a waste of time and disappointing. If I could give zero stars I would.	bug report
1 I tried to get free minutes to use. But it doesn't matter what offer I do or how many videos I watch my minutes never get past 2 minutes. 2 So I decided(which was dumb) to spend .99¢ on 100 minutes but what do you know not even past 2. I'm glad it was only 99 cent. I think I'll be deleting this app now	bug report
I am very pleased with the service and support!	irrelevant information
The app won't let me update my info and it was good and had to change my phone number and this is ridiculous it won't let me update my info if I have the right login but it was a good app but now 😕 feed up with it	bug report
or receive messages. I've tried installing and uninstalling 3 times now to	bug report
Doesn't always ring in until the person hangs up then I see I missed a call I pay premium monthly	bug report
Someone got my tablet and modified an origwnal v.m. and erased it replaced it with a bogus one how do i get my orignal one	bug report
It was a good app but now it has ads everywhere and i cant get rid of them plus it stops working at random times my texts dont go through, it would be one thing if the app told me the texts werent going through, but no i doesnt my texts just dont go through. Yes, i have the lastest update and my phone is compatable with the app. The app has the glitch so please fix this	bug report
While I have enjoyed using this app for many years, I am really disappointed by the recent UI update to the mobile app. It has only made using the app a clunkier, disjointed experience that is far too sudden of a switch from the previous UI. I have had auto updates turned off for a while now, due to many updates in the past that have made unnecessary changes that only make the app a hassle to use. I would love if Discord reverted back to their previous UI and listened to their userbase.	feature request
Used to be a lot simpler to use in the beginning, nowadays there are a lot more features, however I feel that most of them are hardly used and merely clog up the UI and slow down navigation, which makes the app harder to learn for new users. On top of this, the mobile app always seems really buggy, to where I often have to close and reopen it for things to load and display properly.	feature request
I'll remove the low rating if the app is changed back to being Skype instead of this wannabe something else. It used to be that I could see who of my contacts were online when logging in, now I get a list of old chats. When checking my contacts, I can't see who's online. Instead, this highlights garbage is being pushed on us. I don't want highlights, I want to see who of my contacts are online.	bug report
The only downside is the ads. Other than that, it's pretty good.	irrelevant information
It's a nice site have ever seen	irrelevant information
There's a bug where I can't reply with any kind of media (Image, GIF, Video) to a specific message/media. Whenever I hold a message/media and press reply and select a media, it says that "replying to X" as it should. But as soon as my reply (which is a media) is sent, it isn't attached as reply to the message/ media which I wanted to reply to. Also there are a lot of servers that whenever I try to boost, it says "Discord has crashed" and tells me to restart the app.	bug report
Lousy day for me to do it with you if you're interested I can send you the link for it?	irrelevant information
I don't use it enough to know anything about it	irrelevant information
Hardly ever loads!	bug report
2024 and this app is still garbage	irrelevant information
i like to use this app,but it is too slow,this couses a bad experience and then uninstall it.what is wrong with it?and i don't use vpn but my friend (live in same country) needs it.why?please do somthing with servers and solve these problems.thank you	bug report
This app is great most of the time! The past few days though have been horrible!! I have no idea what is going on but out of no where it has been deleting all of my messages and blocking everyone. People are texting me and I never receive their text. Ive reinstalled a couple times. Changed my password just incase it was hacked but nothing has fixed it. It's looks like I'm going to have to get another app	bug report
I want to give you more stars, I really do, but the new.UI needs to go. It's hideous, counter-intuitive, clunky and bugged. Everyone who has my model of phone is unable to undo the new layout because the button to disable/enable it has completely vanished. Please, when releasing updates, test it for bugs first. Not just with iPhones, but with Androids too. Why make your customers suffer?	feature request
Sending photo took way too long to send, and sometimes vc dont work	bug report
Would give 5 stars but too many ads. That's not what I asked after every phone call. That really sucks. And they give away your phone number after	bug report
3 stars because streams won't load :(	irrelevant information
Revert the UI, and stop asking me to update my username. I'm staying on v205.15 until the UI is fixed. I'm not interested in the help article that will "help me navigate the changes." I gave the new UI a chance, and it sucks. Listen to your users or they will migrate to apps with devs that listen. I encourage everyone to cancel Nitro, roll back to v205.15 or earlier, leave a 1-star review, and post on the support forum. Revert the UI, and kill the new username policy. Stop making Discord worse.	feature request
POS app, don't let it take up room on your phone!	irrelevant information
I'm not able to get any ping notification in my recent activity, I have re-installed it like 10 times. Discord team pls look into this matter	bug report
Many bugs with the new update, as there's an issue with the sync and keeping everything up to date. Also, I'm no longer receiving  notifications anymore.	bug report
Removing SMS is the worst possible decision you could make.	feature request
Skype is a great way for me to spend time with my gf every single day since we live too far away. Only reason I'm not doing 5 stars is bc they need to add a selfie illumination option, it sucks trying to video chat at night and have my gf not be able to see me bc it's so dark, and if I have a normal light on, then I can't fall asleep (we always fall asleep together on video calls)	feature request
Does what u need it to most of the time witg minimal forced ads	irrelevant information
Doesn't give you option to see different groups and requests membership. Was on my Baptist Builders group and loss connections. Can't get reconnected to see post from members. Will have to contact leader and he'll have to reinstate my connection. Why couldn't I quarry Baptist Builders and asked to be reconnected? Don't have a clue how i loss connections. Seen all members post then next day they were gone and can't get back to Baptist Builders. All I seen was list new members.	bug report
Was working fine before, but now it keeps restarting and crashing every time I try to text or open it.	bug report
Requirs to update very often, don't work with old version.	bug report
I bought a 99cent Sim Card Kit a few months ago the app has still got a connection problem but works very good without WiFi. Love it.	irrelevant information
It's a fun app to chat and talk with people and make friends, but theres no way to change emails or passwords without knowing your current password. What if you lost your old password to time or your email account doesnt exist anymore? How does discord expect me to change my things when I physically cant.	feature request
can't hold a phone call	bug report
After saving a video there is no notification bar to track status of downloaded video can you plz add it	feature request
Get Number in second	feature request
I like the app. But the only problem is my keyboard. It keeps glitching. When ever I want to send a message on my discord, it pops up and goes back down before I can even type anything. It's really getting on my nerves. It only happens like that when I try to chat on a discord server. Pls fix this issue. Or tell me how I can resolve it 😞	bug report
It is but you have to add 911 ok	bug report
Pending use if I ever figure it out	irrelevant information
It wont let me buy minutes wy?	bug report
I can't select area code, I can't get a phone number.	bug report
if you don't spend 10 minutes continually clicking on a contact attempting to open the conversation during a message then you are constantly redirected to the home screen after looking at a blank white loading page for five mins. Slow & full of glitches. Super annoying & time consuming.	bug report
TBH I'm too young for these I always chat with a pedophile 💀😱	irrelevant information
App is great had a previous 5 star review but it no longer supports sms. So I had to get another messaging app. I don't like it as much. Hopefully Signal will support sms again in the future.	feature request
Terrible and unnecessary UI redesign that just made things more unintuitive and less user friendly	feature request
settings are correct.	irrelevant information
I have been having issues with vc and I cannot speak or hear anyone else in the vc	bug report
I'm loving the community texting	irrelevant information
fast and honest.u get exactly what app says.,,,,,😁	irrelevant information
Don't let your boss hear about this app	irrelevant information
The new update isn't working well..i ain't able to send pictures and videos...i can only send messages....i request u to improve this...	bug report
Great for affordable calls. But how can dialing numbers be so unbelievably slow? I mean, you have the developers...how can making a phone call smooth be a challenge	bug report
Ever since the update, this app has been failing me in so many ways and has become so confusing. It has become very difficult to maneuver the call feature where I could call or video chat friends has become almost impossible to use. If I want to open something, I need to hope that the expand button registers. I'm clicking it because it gets blocked by the speaker button. Not to mention, it just fully bugged out on me and no longer lets me open the call. Please change it back.	bug report
The "free" app comes at a steep price. This is my #1 bandwidth user for data, on cellular or Wi-Fi, as it constantly downloads ads. Very annoying telemarketer calls several times a day and it is the #1 battery drain, shortening my battery life to some six hours. Can't recommend it. Nexus 5.	bug report
Nice to have	irrelevant information
Its been a good time using this app wish the nitro didn't decrease the performance of those who do not wish to purchase nitro but whatever. Latest no #0000 tags update made things worse tbh	feature request
I am disgusting. This app made me so angry.	irrelevant information
I have tried many many times [yes i'm a chromebook user] and no one can hear me on calls i'vetried as much as I can	bug report
My coach has the entire softball team using this app so we can all bo on the same page. The app is great, but the group me team has started to send me scam messages, asking me to click a link to claim an iPhone. My rating would be higher if this went away.	feature request
Decent app, except that it seems to provide message notifications selectively. I and some friends in a couple groups have the same problem. The groups are not snoozed, and sometimes provide notifications and sometimes I get a text about something from the group and come to find that I wasn't getting notifications. This seems to be an issue that started over the last few months, can't recall having the problem before but I don't use GroupMe extensively.	bug report
My ass itch	irrelevant information
Poorly developed. Background colors for nitro users are barely adapted to the screen width (lateral corners can be seen), you can't update your profile banner correctly without your save button rendered useless, it lags more than usual with gif images and when using the record audio feature... Despite the new design being rather esthetic than prior versions, I can barely enjoy it without suffering because of other nuisances like these.	bug report
Who the duck uses this app bruh	irrelevant information
I hate the new UI.For some reason it refuses to open servers tab from when you are in DMs tab .The new discord app buggier and slower than the old one.	bug report
Not showing notifications real time.	bug report
The new UI layout is confusing. Also the dark theme makes `code formatting` (backtick) impossible to read as both text and background are white (as opposed to desktop version which is grey).	feature request
Good for group projects. Just not sure how to deactivate it after I'm done with it	irrelevant information
Just started using it not familiar with it's features	irrelevant information
I find this app satisfactory now and a little longer I hope to find the app excellent.	irrelevant information
Filing a lawsuit for violation if trust laws.	irrelevant information
I can't use the app whatsoever... I literally log in and then it shuts me	bug report
Great app that has come far. No SMS means making it more annoying for me to talk to people. They shouldn't remove SMS, it's just going to lower their potential user base.	feature request
Discord is absolutely amazing apps for social media with other people.. but since this new update, I have occurs problem when live streaming using phone especially for Xiaomi/POCO phone users.. my friends keep telling me that there's no sound audio ingame while I'm streaming playing games/movies.. please fix this problem/issue, I want to have fun with my friends on discord while I'm streaming.. It's sad and disappointing that I see many people also have this same issue nowadays 😢😞	bug report
I think text now is a fantastic app	irrelevant information
after Android's latest firmware update, GroupMe notifications have been	bug report
Limited minutes available for calling.	feature request
Good platform to be on besides all the scamming bots. Too many glitches tho which bugs me off. Overall good app	bug report
Loses the calls or cuts put when talking.	bug report
I used to really like discord but I swear with every update the devs think they're improving their app but in doing so they end up breaking like 50 things that weren't broken that then don't get fixed until the next major update, which as previously stated is making the app less and less usable	bug report
Great for long talk	irrelevant information
I love this app because you can call anyone family members and I love this app rn	irrelevant information
No hassal it gos like this text free is the beast	irrelevant information
Account was deleted right after getting a new number	bug report
Don't waste your time, another Useless app... if you recive a call they block the number	bug report
Always works great.	irrelevant information
I'd give it a 0 if I could. The new UX/UI design is anti-productive and creates extra unnecessary menus for navigating. When you receive a message notification you have no idea where it came from. You can't reliably view server member lists anymore (kinda a big deal for server administrators). Genuinely the app feels clunky and horrible to use. And I didn't even talk about the bugs or crashes. Also it doesn't work on 4G. Please revert the recent update changes.	feature request
They keep changing my lock in number ive purchased 3 times.	bug report
Campus connect doesn't work, and replying to people should be easily added as an option instead having to manually @ someone's name	bug report
Slow especially on PC version new Skype completely erased my library of photos with their new slower useless update. Get it if you want and don't have it already but be warned if you haven't updated DON'T.	bug report
Great way to connect with friends	irrelevant information
Very easy to use!!	irrelevant information
Met cool friends, easy to talk in game	irrelevant information
UPDATED UI is absolutely awful , What was once a perfectly fine App is now so Un user friendly . swipe to left to reply instead of showing the users . Also Force closes itself far too often . Was a 5* now sadly a 1*	bug report
I love this app. My phone has performance issues (ppl cannot hear my side of conversation)I was able 2 still use phone for calls with TextNow.	bug report
One star because it not only has gotten extremely aggressive with ads but now is so buggy to the point of actual unusability, none of my texts were sending and it only notified me 4 hours after the fact, cleared cache, reinstalled app, can't even login with correct password, does not give me any error either, this used to be a great app but slowy and surely has gone very downhill.	bug report
Pepper hear echoes	bug report
The other person said it's not ringing	bug report
Thanks for ruining the app with this new update takes so much time to load everything sometimes the app isn't even working please switch it to old please otherwise I'll have to delete it	bug report
I like using this app but please fix it I can't make calls or send text please fix it	bug report
I used to have this app a while ago and remember enjoying it a lot. But	irrelevant information
App was way more appealing before this update. Take a page out of Steams UI, if it ain't broke, don't "fix"	feature request
App works well. ( Both texting and calling )	irrelevant information
Loving this so far	irrelevant information
You can never can make out what being said to you	bug report
One of the worst apps I have ever used. Calls will be missed without the	bug report
It's there when I need & needed it most. MERLIN	irrelevant information
Your login process is awful. Why do I need a pin to login if I just changed my password. The app doesn't send the pin at all to my phone.	bug report
The mobile update turned this from a 5 star must have app to me canceling my nitro and soon to be uninstalling	feature request
It was chillax	irrelevant information
Removing SMS removes any use I had for this app.	feature request
Having trouble with the set up	bug report
Don't waist your time.	irrelevant information
It's ok. I'm able to chat with friends.	irrelevant information
It was great to start with but it just stopped and said it was unavailable to carry on	bug report
If this verison of signal can be delivered 2years ago, I will give a 5star and response to the donation pop up. But no.	feature request
Skype is good but run slow	bug report
This is another company that advertizes their service they are offering is free. Then you go through the process of downloading it. You open up the app and start filling out your information that they say is needed then at the end of providing the information to them. You will find out then that are not telling the truth again. And want to charge you 4.95 a month for what is advertised is supposed to be free. I caught you'll in a lie that should be a charge for false advertising.	irrelevant information
Layout not great and not user friendly	feature request
I am unable to log in my discord account Please fix it 🙏	bug report
It keeps saying I can't open it	bug report
Nive app but very slow performance web application.	bug report
Very good app but takes a lil bit to actually call somone	bug report
The newest UI update blows chunks. What in the world were they thinking? I know its mostly the suits in the legal department but this is the kind of stuff that makes people use client mods when your app crashes and doesn't work.	feature request
Its too good to use	irrelevant information
Ads are bad. Support for the app is worse. Every reply is a bot and i cant talk to a human to fix my issue. They cut my service. Ads ar obnoxious and take up more than half the screen. Clunky UI. Just use TextNow	bug report
Lately has been disappointing. Went from 5☆ to 2☆	irrelevant information
Hate the new mobile layout😠	feature request
Simple and who doesn't like simple and most importantly FREE	irrelevant information
If you send photos Skype shrinks and compresses them so that they look like blocky garbage. That app is slow too.	bug report
Intermittent, on Android. Hardly ever shows new message balloons over icon, now not working entirely. Maybe it's a Google interference, who knows.. Technical: not "Ringing" only "Calling", texts show only single check meaning received by server but not delivered to recipient's phone. Too difficult to impossible to submit "Help" inquiries, requires email account. This type of critical error should have error code for troubleshooting online, nothing.	bug report
Very useful at times	irrelevant information
great app. The flow of the UX could be improved	feature request
Effective tool for organizational events	irrelevant information
Always drops calls no matter how good my connection is.	bug report
Works in a pinch ☺️	irrelevant information
Perfect for college students	irrelevant information
Very satisfied.	irrelevant information
very best massager apps	irrelevant information
Pls update msg delivery report and seen then i will gv u 5*****	feature request
Too much FB similar.	irrelevant information
Updated the app to the most recent version available and in a word, I HATE it. The new look and layout is ugly. When previously shutting the app and then relaunching it, it would open whatever DM conversation I had previously been in (I mostly use the app for DMs, not servers). Now upon launch it seems to be default to the friend list?? No. Huge step backwards. I cannot find Pinned Messages in my DMs anymore. Where are they? The icon is GONE.	feature request
Don't get all my message when they come in but it's better than most	bug report
WhatsApp is better. If you're worried about privacy use Telegram for something free or Threema for extra security	irrelevant information
slow sometimes, but, does what it says,& does it reasonably well	irrelevant information
Pretty cool when you have no service ty	irrelevant information
Signal has stopped supporting Cantonese language, been a user since the 2019 HK protest and been donating too. Very disappointing. Will donate again when Cantonese is back for us Hongkongers	feature request
Skype provides you best quality video calls. I've started using this app during lock down because of online classes and Skype performed very well. There we use to have many online classes and over all it was good. It does have any time boundaries like in zoom. A big disadvantage that i noticed during Skype calls, that anyone can mute or remove other participants during the video conference. And there is no special feature to identify who is removing or muting your voice.	feature request
This is better then most group platforms	irrelevant information
You broke photos, go back with it Edit: And now you want to delete tags? Why? Discord is unique, that's the good thing about it Edit2: I hate the newest update visually so much. It looks terrible and is not handy at all. Everything is messed up	feature request
thoughtl`thoughtlessly ess 15t2 v oo_o g ssssssDdddy 9 assessed the □	irrelevant information
It keeps going in and out even while I'm texting the app just goes out, I'd	bug report
The new update took away ease of use. Swiping left to see who was online and double tapping to reply to someone was more efficient. Those features would be better as options.	feature request
It's not letting me verify my email.	bug report
Can't get incoming e	bug report
support is automated. They will never help you so if you make any purchase	irrelevant information
I've been using this app for years but just this past month I no longer get any notifications even though the app and my phone (galaxy s10) say they are on. I use this for work and for class which means messages can be time sensitive. In addition, sometimes I press send and my message just disappears. It's very frustrating especially since it appears others are experiencing the same problem with no solutions. Please fix this.	bug report
They've fixed the awful echos so that's a plus but calls keep dropping	bug report
let us turn off proximity sensor during call	feature request
Was five stars until announcement of end of SMS support.	feature request
It provides the basic conversation for the group, but needs to separate by the day more. It seems it is one continuous conversation.  Fix that.	feature request
It should let me write my own number	feature request
There have been several times when notifications won't go through for some of the chat groups. I have to click on the group manually befote it loads all the comments I missed. Still love the app, but needs some tweeks.	bug report
lowest video quality	irrelevant information
ok this app is good and i use it to call some friends	irrelevant information
I love this app! I can now chat with other ppl that are friendly!!	irrelevant information
Oh will time will tell	irrelevant information
Have had trouble getting into my account and have requested a reset password email. It's been nearly two hours and no email so I was forced to try my secondary account which I also had to reset the password for, requested email and that one went through immediately. But now I find that I cannot receive verification texts at all unless I pay for service when I could receive them just fine on my other number before I got locked out. Now I can't verify an account I desperately need to access.	bug report
Crappy all around, but what upsets me the most is I spend an hour watching	bug report
Works great on z fold 5 on both screens	irrelevant information
notifications don't always work. they start working again if I own the app	bug report
This app has been life saver. Being a single mother there were times the phone bill was last in line and the app is free. Of course you can pay for some convinces, but you can use it for texting and calling. Super easy to set up and easy to use. I'm using it over the mobile network I have and I can have those calls and messages routed through the app. Has been a reliable recovery for mobile use. Love it .	irrelevant information
Every time someone calls me my all UI stops working and it get hanged rendering the unavailability of my entire phone. I have the latest version using s23 ultra. Please resolve the issue.	bug report
Discord used to be pretty great. Recently, a lot of the interface updates have become very user-unfriendly and straight-up clunky. No one likes this new update. It's bugged and frustrating and unappealing. You've removed a great deal of smoothness from the navigation and it's ungodly frustrating. I just got a bug today where I tried to send an image to a server and it instead sent the image TO MY PRIVATE MESSAGES. Do you have any idea how bad that could be? Please listen to your userbase.	bug report
I keep getting kicked out of the app and I have to always sign in the stupid app	bug report
Used to be a good app, but now, aside from the not being able to type when discord is in split mode (a highly annoying addition in a previous update), but I feel navigating the app is very counter intuitive. I understand the swipe to reply, but I have to tap so many places and ways to get to things I need (like channel descriptions, pinned messages etc.). Also seeing who sent an unread dm is not that clear? It's not clear which of your chats is unread (only dms, not servers)	feature request
New interface is bad design.	feature request
its ok works for text not calls	bug report
Other party echos, my voice is delayed causing conversations to become pretty confusing and annoying. Otherwise great app for texting, hense the "Text"free.	bug report
Can't get rid of verification	bug report
It used to work fine but then the update came along and now I cant connect to facebook and do facebook chat >_<!	bug report
Change it back.	bug report
I have an Android and can't upload pics. Keep getting an error message.	bug report
*UPDATE* I uninstalled and installed it back and everything is great now. Can't hear the message tone from incoming messages. 2 days now..and there is no update available and yes my volume is up and loud and still no notification sound	bug report
I can not login or sign up!!!¡!!!	bug report
My preference for communication.	irrelevant information
When a contact has uninstalled signal app, the name still appears in the list for many days.	bug report
Worked pretty well at first, but now it will only show my new messages if I open the app instead of posting a notification.	bug report
When will android users receive the new emojis?	feature request
1 minute is 1 second make it NOOO MINUTED	feature request
lmao can't even watch videos in the new update	bug report
They changed the ui so I'm downvoting	feature request
Very helpful but I wish it works on WhatsApp too	feature request
Great at first, but now I cant be heard when making or taking a phone call. I can hear person on other end, but they cannot hear me	bug report
This use to be a very cool app. Lately the call is delayed, dropped, or no audio on voice-mail. I've updated the app and its still not functioning better... I'm Uninstaller then reinstalling now. Hopefully this works. 08/19/2021- Community thank you for your resonse. Updated and much better.	bug report
they updated the design of the app and its so ugly now, dont even ask or lets you switch back	feature request
I would give it more stars but when your talking to a machine the dail tone scream and don't go anyway ruining the call. Please fix this	bug report
It really irritates me that I can't delete entries from the log. Many of my friends have security clearances and I like to be conscientious of that by cleaning up... This app does not allow for it that. Also a lot of calls get dropped before they even get answered	bug report
My experience with group me app has been exceptional!	irrelevant information
Signal used to be a great app with thr ability to send securely encrypted messages in addition to standard SMS messages. Very few people I know actually use the secure messaging feature, but it has been nice to have the easy option to encrypt with them. However, with the decision to abandon SMS support, I probably won't be using Signal any longer since it will be a niche product for times I really want encryption. They spent a lot of time, and money making the app approachable, all now wasted.	feature request
Keeps closing every time i open the app.	bug report
No notification sound or push when someone messages me. This feature was very important and useful to me. Now it's gone, I'm going to switch to whatsapp	bug report
Discord used to be great now its becoming even worse as days go on. Developers you have one job and that is to make a stable app that we can communicate. We don't ask for all this unnecessary garbage ui and updates. Untill this buggy app is fixed I can't give more the 1 star.	bug report
oh its great when it works. but almlst everytime i attempt to make a call and it fails, it get stuck on the dailer screen and then i would have to reboot my phone in order for it to close out the app.. ummm is there a fix for this? cause im bout to delete it.	bug report
I've used discord for a few years and I hate the new mobile ui, maybe give an option to choose what you prefer at least because the new layout stresses me out tbh the old one worked just fine.	feature request
IT IS LAG	bug report
Ever since the update, there is a notification that is glitching out. Contacted mods they don't know why. But every time i mark it as read, it shows up 4 minutes later, mute it still shows up, turn off notification nope still does it. This is the 1 notification that i had not read before the update, and now it will not go away.	bug report
Loved this app for a good long time. Uninstalled because it's not free if you need a verification code. A little misleading to give a "free number" that can't receive messages until you pay.	feature request
Very useful app with some extremely helpful features, though the latest layout change has made using it unintuitive and clunky. It used to have all features easily and smoothly accessible from a single page, however now there are several different pages that are more confusing to switch between and unpleasant to use consistently. Closing a chat is as easy as before but this adds to the confusion as you cannot reopen it the same way, which was previously possible. New dark mode is also inferior	feature request
Keeps kicking me out. Have Uninstaller and reinstalled multiple times. Very aggravating as this is our units communication method	bug report
Decent way for a group of people to communicate via text. One complaint I have is it is a little hard to upload pictures and videos. Also you can't upload long videos only short ones . Edit you can now upload videos up to 60 seconds long. Still can take quite a while to upload photos and videos.	feature request
So I get two subscriptions and I canceled one and unfortunately I can not use the minutes anymore after you guys took my money from the credit card??? So disappointed 😞 😔 😪 now it expires even before the next month's ends??? What a service and scam!	bug report
New design performs poorly on my Xperia 1 V. Scrolling to the side to view servers and channels is very laggy. Also, why get rid of the right pane showing the users and roles? Just WHY? If it ain't broke, don't fix it.	bug report
My track team uses groupme its easy to use and easy to add/remove people if they have iphone or android.	irrelevant information
***UPDATE 04/16/2022. You are getting a bad review because you keep asking me to rate this app on a weekly basis. I have had enough. I pay you people money to avoid watching ads. Now once a week I have to decline and swipe away your annoying unnecessary pop up asking me to rate your app. You are getting my hard earned money every month. Now leave me alone and stop asking me to rate your app. You already know how I feel about it. Let's not go there.	irrelevant information
Pls how do i find my areà code🤲	irrelevant information
It don"t work	bug report
So I've been using discord for probably about 2 years. And it's been my favorite application for chatting by far ever since, but now i'm getting this weird bug that appears when i'm trying to resize my profile picture. When i try to resize my profile pic it sends me to the crop screen but then it quickly abruptly sends me back to the previous screen with some error texts, please devs fix this.	bug report
Still buggy after many updates... For mobile users, discord holds numerous bugs when using the app. It usually corrects itself after closing and opening but this is happening almost after every action. I'm on a note10...	bug report
This app used to be good. New layout Is horrible. Messages get stuck or won't show unless refresh app constantly. Some times it's split and only shows half a message or half a picture.	bug report
I think they should fire the tech lead behind the most recent UX/UI update. It is not intuitive, just made the experience worse	feature request
Still Buggy. I'd like to make this my main messaging app, but always has something that needs fixed. Cuatom Notification is just here today, gone tomorrow, beck the next, gone again soon. I need Custom Notifications for Clients.	bug report
It's a good app but can someone please tell me when I bought the sim 4 it keeps installing games that I don't want does someone please know how to stop this	feature request
This app really sucks. All the girls all they wantna do is steal your money.	irrelevant information
Love it... UPDATE 2/6/23 The announcement that SMS messaging will no longer be supported means that I will be finding another messaging app. I will not go back and forth between Signal and another app.	feature request
How do u change swat,army standard,etc to obtain in compatible items	irrelevant information
Horrible. It would never notify me that I had messages, unless I opened the app and saw I received messages hours early. And yes I checked my settings, the app just didn't work	bug report
So far, Signal is my best messaging app. I give it 4 star because the calling breaks after staying long. Please fix this issue.✨	bug report
I only use this. Like the most important app I have installed	irrelevant information
The latency is terrible. Sometimes up to 15 minutes for just a normal text message to go through showing double checkmarks of delivery. All other types of chat Messengers are going through just fine to the same contact. This is happened on multiple devices consistently for a long period of time. I was hopeful that this was going to be my new messaging service app.	bug report
I have problems sending Videos because after I sent them, they sound distorted.	bug report
it's effective but not amazing	irrelevant information
Please bring back the ability to auto answer with video!!!	feature request
I cannot register, it keeps saying we need to verify you are human, after that it loops back to where I have to put my phone number. Now it has stopped me from registering saying that I have had too many attempts, I have to wait 3+hrs to try again. This is the second time now.	bug report
Could be free call and text without doing anything. Have to do tasks to get calling "cash"	feature request
It's a good app and I would recommend it to others	irrelevant information
Loved the app until it stopped working. Emailed support and got no answer.  I was very loyal until this. Now I just get red exclamation marks saying message hasnt been sent.	bug report
Everytime me and my friend share screen, the screen freeze after few minutes and we need to disconnect and reconnect the screen sharing which make it really frustrating. Please solve this issue so I can enjoy watching movies together.	bug report
The best app to keep u informed about lives and people u follow plus there is live chat perfect for friends and family but also for work office meetings and more ,very recomendable .	irrelevant information
Much better than before and way better then the Skype app for win phone. No wonder everyone left Windows phone when even ms couldn't be bothered to write descent apps. Any way, Skype is now usable again. It's pretty quick, video is pretty good and plenty of features. However I still find address book a bit of a mess. More work to be done.	feature request
It doesn't notify me when I have new messages unless I click on the app and	bug report
Love this app, msg, voice.chat, voice call.etc.send bunch of photos and vidoe in ome go.love it.	irrelevant information
I have found this app to be everything as advertised. A very smooth running... professionally managed app. Thanks signal for being you . Awesome!	irrelevant information
I just bought 100 minutes so I can make phone calls but once I called someone for 5 minutes it said I now have 0 minutes...... Please give me back my minutes or my money back In very disappointed in this	bug report
The best alternative of WhatsApp I would say better than it..like combination of WhatsApp and telegram lol 🫶 still it's the best at it's place	irrelevant information
I used to use this app as a backup in case I had no service but had internet but for some reason now whenever I go to click on a contact to view messages the app crashes	bug report
UI on mobile isn't great - hard to navigate	feature request
Please Improve the image quality	feature request
Mobile app is buggy af.	bug report
This app got a problem since i kept crashing and everything didnt load for me it takes me few times to either let it work it happens to my friend too but she cant sent any images pls fix this bug	bug report
Keep having to shut the app down, works fines on desktop and browser, android keeps giving the connecting issue and then takes ages to load channels on android	bug report
What a complete SCAM! I downloaded the app last night and tried to call from the number today for the first time and it said I'm out of my free 600 minutes! WHAT A JOKE!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS APP... IT'S SUCH A SCAM	bug report
Uhm why can't I log into my my acc and I keep changing the password and nothing work what do I do :/	bug report
Only used app for a few weeks and not all calls could be made or held	bug report
Kindly give the screen share options and whiteboard for presentations purpose.	feature request
This app would be better if iy woulf stop freezing my phone. Im always having to take the batterie out bc it freezes my phone please fix this and ill give it a better rating	bug report
My side chick is able to send pictures and messages without my wife knowing	irrelevant information
It's crazy but Text Free is actually better/more reliable than my contract provider. Thanks you rock!	irrelevant information
I haven't really used to get and you don't have a more pot a different kind of an experience I had.	irrelevant information
BRUH! It's not letting me sign up and it's annoying. All I'm tryna do is text people.	bug report
I give 4 stars instead of 5 for 1 reason n that is cut i login to my Samsung account n they send a code to me to make sure it is me n says I need this version in order to get the code n I do have the version they say needed to get it but u don't get code instead asks me for money to lock in number to receive the code which I should receive for free like any other codes u have gotten in the passed n have the updated version as per said n cut if that I have lost money customers time n patients	bug report
Great app too bad they won't let me keep my number. Keep taking it away	feature request
Go what s app	irrelevant information
The only problem is sometimes or most of the time my phone doesn't ring with Skype but it rings with my phone and I can't figure it out.	bug report
I have a request to hide my phone number	feature request
slow as them	bug report
( Old UI: This is a great app. I use it all the time. It's one of the best messagers personally.) (Edit: I don't like the new UI, It's too different, maybe make it so you can have this or the old one? Either way I haven't been using Discord Mobile as much since this change) Doesn't help that the company seems to be Ignoring everyone that doesn't like the change.	feature request
Super easy to use and a great way to communicate with a large group.	irrelevant information
I can't hear my friend and my friend can't hear me pls fix this problem	bug report
People	irrelevant information
Little confused. I don't have an option to make calls. None that I can see anyway. I have a camera and messaging option.	bug report
Please give app Chat lock 🔐 opsation	feature request
you select an earlier date and confirm so you don't have to scroll through	feature request
It's an amazing app it helped me a lot 👌👌	irrelevant information
The site isnt working it hasn't been for the last 2 days	bug report
Slow app	bug report
Constantly changing the format of the app to mimic other social media platforms, but the current iteration looks like an incomplete student project. I haven't forgotten that NFT garbage they tried to push either, pure greed. They are constantly hitting users with popups for Nitro premium subscriptions, dont buy em, they don't care for their users, only cash. Text your friends	feature request
Cant hear	bug report
ad pop up too often	bug report
Ia good but slow at times.	bug report
Discord App is so great 😊, If you want to call someone or Message Someone or Live Stream An App or Game. Discord App is Best. But Be careful for the Hackers,Don't Click Unnecessary Links.	irrelevant information
Good but ads stuff	irrelevant information
I'm retired from the Marine corps I'm 50 single devorced	irrelevant information
Pretty decent app. Just don't like that you can not delete chats	feature request
Keeps family connected	irrelevant information
Dropping it to a three because of the new ui. I do not like the swipe to reply feature. Replaced being able to see the list of people in esch server.	feature request
Doesn't accept gif keyboards. Leaving me unable to flood my group chats with absurd dancing party parrots. This is unacceptable.	bug report
Unable to see any group icon or images fix it	bug report
I use the discord app from 2018 .... Everything was good its fantastic, for creating servers, making voice channel etc but thers a problem idk how many people have faced it . When we join the vc idk from 2/3 days it says connecting.. disconnecting..then suddenly says no route and gets stuck at disconnected I can't talk to anyone nor can they hear me I tried reinstalling the apps like 2/3 times , changing wifi then tried to get help from YouTube but idk what this is..I hope I get a help ASAP	bug report
Love discord for mobile but the last update has made it buggy as hell. Getting forced back into previous messages, emoji problems, etc. Very frustrating. Return it to the previous version by ironing out these bugs and I'll give 5 stars!	bug report
Never had a problem We will see how this works out.	irrelevant information
GM is good if you want to organize your life with a a group of people. However sometimes it does have connection problems and could be better. Other than that it's great!	feature request
I have no idea why people even use this application. The amount of features it has is way inferior to messaging applications like telegram. There is literally no benefit to using this compared to telegram. Also scanning QR code does not seem to work on most Android phones at this point so that's that. Have to use my laptop to join the groups.	feature request
Its not launching several time after download on my anroid phone. So frustrating and keeping me off several meetings and appontments.	bug report
Doesn't let you receive verification codes unless you pay for premium, which is the only point in this app existing	bug report
I dislike the way it looks but eh it's fine But here's an idea Making it so you can switch accounts with ez like a button on your profile that you can add accounts onto so you can switch fast :D	feature request
No Emogis. No notifications. I have to stay on the chat for the message to be sent. I have deleted the app, restarted my phone, sent several feedbacks about it and yet nothing fixed. Not able to see any single emogi! I used this for work, so i HAVE to continue using it. Please fix issues and ill fix my review. Thank you. .	bug report
I like using discord but sometimes it really needs to get an update. I was talking to my friends and next thing you know, I send a file and it takes so long. I don't know why but it makes me so frustrated.	feature request
Poor conection and dropped calls.	bug report
Overall great recently it started force closing on me though and even after closing all apps and reinstalling I'm still running into the issue however it's the first time over 3 years it's done it	bug report
Edit: I appreciate the attempt to revamp the app, but photos are taking too long to send and also to load anything. It has a lot of slowdowns and bugs even with the "Stable" version of the app. The huge glaring issue I have with this app, is that I can't send videos any longer because it 100% crashes the whole thing as "something unexpected has occured" I love the website and the PC version, but please fix those glaring issues of this new version. It never was like this until few months back.	bug report
calls get dropped, often	bug report
Everything fine except what's the use of blocking numbers if they can still come thru just with the word blocked in parenthsis. What good is that?!?! Fix that and I'll update my review.	feature request
terrible. sometimes I get notifications, sometimes I dont. half messages I try and send fail. this app makes one quick attempt to send a message then quits at the first failure. that is unacceptable	bug report
Not very easy to use. Also doesnt pick up recent contacts instantly from mobile. Successful on second try.	bug report
Discord updated the mobile app to make it extremely user unfriendly. Good work Discord, you're doing great 👍	feature request
Phone can be on DND and you'll still get calls/notifications. I've Uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it still sends me all the notifications when someone texts/calls me whilst my phone is on DND. I've even turned off ALL notifications for this app just to test it, and sure enough, I was still able to receive msg/calls. This is annoying and disturbing. I don't think I'll be keeping this app.	bug report
The new design for mobile is disgusting it looks Instagram. It just doesn't look right! I like the old discord it was unique! And it was way better...	feature request
when it's good, it's good, when it's bad, it's bad. Having to keep an account to access the service is stupid and time wasting, especially when you inevitably forget your password or Skype name and are locked out of the service.	bug report
Excellent messenger app. Uncluttered and easy to use. Signal calls are clearer than phone calls. Only wish the emojis were as fun and animated as those on Skype!	feature request
Some freezing and locking up. Messages failing to send. Had to uninstall and reinstall twice this month.	bug report
I love this app as i use it to connect with friends. Lately I don't get notifications when a friend responds when I'm not accessing the app. All notifications are on	bug report
I loved Signal, but nowadays I feel so exhausted with the reconnecting part and full of noises. In the beginning it was smooth and not so much noises.	bug report
Used once and never again	irrelevant information
the internet has been acting up	irrelevant information
Fix the app	bug report
Marvelous	irrelevant information
Never alarms me when I get a text and that is very frustrating because I don't have much time. There are also too many ads and some times they just open without being clicked. Can I delete contacts?  If so it will not allow me. One of my contacts is constantly showing that I have a new text even when I dont. Until this changes my negative comment stands.	bug report
Skype was the preferred app for video calling and voice calling. In the past 2-3 years (ever since Microsoft bought it) it has been deteriorating. The app is show and the UI is not as good. Good app gone bad.	irrelevant information
Ending SMS support has been awful. Now all of my text history is completely messed up and the only way to export Signal messages is incredibly involved. What a ridiculous decision! And to not even make it easy for people to export Signal messages into an SMS app when they are intentionally making the app useless for texting shows no regard for their customers. I regret telling anyone about this app and getting my friends involved in this mess. I don't want to use two apps to message people.	bug report
I have issues in display on screen i want old display Thanks	bug report
Bad reception	bug report
I use this app to text my friends who use iPhone. As of recently, every time I send a text to them, half of the time they don't ever see it. Only once in a blue moon does it actually go through and send the message to them.	bug report
Can't verify YouTube channel	bug report
it is not like the same	irrelevant information
Video player will randomly interrupt connection between me and people I am video calling with, it says "unstable connection" yet it's never been a problem before and does this no matter the location or devices we change. Also super dark mode stopped working for me, please fix it	bug report
This app is very useful for keeping our church ladies informed.	irrelevant information
I use it for a class to keep in touch with profesor and classmates and for some reason it keeps singing me out.	bug report
I have used it before but the four stars because am trying g to retrieve my old account and I can't that is why am downloading it again	feature request
Use to give 5 stars but since the new update release, this app did not give me notification. Please fix.	bug report
I WAS super impressed with the sound/ call quality. Twenty-four hours after installing I had to uninstall this app. The sudden increase of ad notifications from sketchy adult site offering hookups and telling me my phone/ chrome was infected. The ads were coming 3 at a time every 3 seconds. I uninstalled this app and the ads immediately slowed down to one at a time and a couple of minutes between adds. Within about 15 minutes, bliss, there was quiet. No more constant dinging with notifications.	bug report
Worst update ever!!!!!! Nothing is better always getting lag even i have android 11 os also takes bunch of time for loading chats and msgs in dm's and servers and also u can't able to sent message now. I want to tell u that to slap the person who suggest this worst update ever..... Now ur start losing your users 👍🏻	bug report
Would be a great app if you weren't removed from a group without being notified.	bug report
Most friends here you make don't really give a damn about you.	irrelevant information
Why am I receiving my own pictures??  It's been going on for days!!	bug report
Feel the need to edit the previous 5 star review - I understand the change of UI, honestly. What upsets me the most is the nonsensical change of color theme for literally no reason. I can get used to a new UI, but changing dark mode for the hell of it seems like a further slap to me. The desktop app is perfect. Would not change it for the world even with the microtransactions. Mobile... is another beast.	feature request
This is best caller apps thanks for signal team	irrelevant information
Cant gove it a lower rate. Got some minutes and they never appeared. Ripped off	bug report
Today my Skype not unable to send message and unable to attend call but everything is fine.	bug report
It's a decent app. Used it a couple times while traveling with big groups and it served its purpose. It has nice fetures such as admin, recations, replys, etc. My only complaint is I have had problems viewing groups. For exmpale if I'm added to an already created group I can't veiw the group even if it says I've been successfully added I can never see it. The only way I can see groups is if I'm added as soon as the group was created. Other people in our group experienced the same issue.	feature request
For some reason I can't reply to anyone in the group, I have to @ them it's annoying I uninstall and install it back it still doesn't work	bug report
Horrendous app, keeps on crashing and does not work as intended to do so. Had same issues on my pixel 5 and now on the pixel 6a. Not sure whether it's a pixel or Skype issue however needs sorting out.	bug report
Not a great app. I've had messages sent to me ñ not come thru until I opened the app a month later. Some messages did not come thru at all.	bug report
The call break up and the air time is to short	bug report
Trash.	irrelevant information
Ehhh...It's okay. Way too many ads and the connection is horrible. Otherwise, it serves its purpose.	irrelevant information
Most of its services as any website and app verification code are trial.	irrelevant information
It was alright little slow	irrelevant information
Removal of SMS	irrelevant information
The new UI isn't good especially on foldables. Since it's not optimized properly the new bottom bar for the app overlays with the navigation bar of android and so you can't pick an option to go to DM or servers or whatever since it'll activate the navigation bar's buttons. Also specifically for foldables discord app doesn't automatically change its format when folding or unfolding so you'd have to close the app entirely, fold/unfold and reopen the app to make it work. Please fix these issues.	feature request
It'd be an easy 5 star, but recently, I've been having an issue lately where I can't send pictures or videos. I love the app, but this is infuriating.	bug report
It is only good if you are using through	feature request
Lots of ins and outs to learn.Not real clear when trying to setup and invite on my channel. Also tried to change my profile and I couldn't save, kept telling me to "Disgard or keep adding". I wanted to invite friends in the group and that didn't work well.	bug report
Love the way it operates today, but they are removing SMS functionality which changes it from a killer one-stop-shop messenging app to another walled garden where you have to remember which peers use which type of messenger.	feature request
I don't know what was done with this latest update but all of my contacts, all group conversations, everything has been deleted. So thanks for that. Will all those conversations and contacts be retrieved at some point?	bug report
Pretty good messaging app. End to end encryption. Doesn't support SMS. 2 stars.	irrelevant information
It is a good work signal app.	irrelevant information
So poor performance	bug report
give us the old dark mode color back please	feature request
I realize its my own fault, 4lack of consistent (enuff) use, but they'll just up n snatch away yo#! VERY unexpected, da 1st time 4sho! Leavin my friends &myself, 2tryn learn/get used2 a brand new number?! My memory's RLY not up 4all dis! Lol, but dat aside, I think its a rly good, rly useful/helpful app 4evryone. Givn the rite situation &circumstance, I think NE1 cud find good use of this app! 👍🏻👍🏻✌🏻	feature request
I don't know yet I just got this app.	irrelevant information
The new update is so bad. Its so confusing and it was pointless. Literally no one asked for this. It was so unique and easy before.	feature request
U should to accept bitcoin.	irrelevant information
Supper buggy on phone	bug report
The only issue I have is that longer videos fail to load on mobile, unlike on PC which works fine	bug report
This helps me so much with my college courses!	irrelevant information
New UI is awful for no reason	feature request
App is crashed, takes a lot of time for my messages to send	bug report
I miss the old Skype.  Specifically the format.	feature request
new mobile layout is awful, revert it	feature request
I don't know if I should get this app. Can someone tell me anything about it that I need to know.	irrelevant information
Great app great idea text messages work fine just have trouble making calls sometimes but still it's free so can't complain	feature request
Yall need to chose a better time for adds im missing important calls because I hang up from a call, and get damn ads when I'm trying to answer the other call	bug report
Would be better if multiple chats could be permanently deleted and if there were more accessible games to play	feature request
I don't love the new layout, it's honestly harder for me to use and as someone who struggles with this type of layout it makes it hard for me to want to use the app. I hope that there will be a option to either go back to the old layout or it changes because I don't like it.	feature request
New layout is terrible and drives data rates up like crazy in addition to 10x the loading times BEWARE!!	bug report
I called using this app & left a voice mail. The person who I called received the call from me & my "new number" but the message received was NOT my message, not my voice & in a totally different LANGUAGE. How the heck does that even hapoen???!! I called again. Same thing. APP UNINSTALLED IMMEDIATELY.	bug report
Hard to hear can't download the app now	bug report
Fantastic for keeping intouch with friends and family around Europe. Great for business contacts too.	irrelevant information
Until the Dark Theme is done properly, using black instead of grey, this can't be an option.	feature request
Honestly never had any problems with discord on my phone till the newis update the whole new layout is horrible, I love using discord bc it had a completely different lay out from all the other messager apps but now it looks just like any other one. I'm glad they fixed the notification problems but the way it looks now is just so bad me and my friends all hate the new layout plz just put it back	feature request
Why do I need to pay for a subscription for SMS codes	feature request
My phone had been Hacked, How do I get my subscription back?	bug report
I really like Discord. It's just that the recent update has lowered my opinion on it in general. If there was an option to go back to the old layout (which I do not have in case if it's supposed to be available), then I think that'd help improve the app.	feature request
Always the communication drops, the images got freeze and only the connection last 2 seconds.	bug report
Good, useful	irrelevant information
good service so far, the only thing is the unlimited calls and text from anywhere(no wifi needed) Sim card I bought doesn't work with any of the phones I have and apparently I have to buy a newer phone to use it, but other than that it's awesome!	irrelevant information
I never got the Sim card	bug report
It's slowly improving again	irrelevant information
Everything about is better than any other services out there	irrelevant information
Been tried 3 days, keep on showing pending pending status！still I failed update the latest version through Google play, what should I do！？	bug report
Really annoying when I call (or answer) when using my phone it ALWAYS defaults to bluetooth output. I have my watch (Galaxy Watch) connected but don't want it to default to this for call audio. Why is their no option to disable or change this?	feature request
drains my battery.	irrelevant information
I've used Discord for years. It's one of the only apps I used. But the new system that they'll be using for usernames is asinine. The already existing system works fine, and nobody wants it to change. And yet the support team is silent. Listen to your users, discord.	feature request
For those who have a business this is a great asset to use. It's FREE! Reliable and can be accessible from various devices! And If you simply like privacy, Download it now! Thanks TextNow and myself later! :-) Just read a couple views and came back to edit, folks are so negative these days. Never had an issue with calling unless the typical just like with all phone services and never an issue with sending a message. The ads are every once in a while. Like after you make a call. No big deal!	feature request
Great app love the service	irrelevant information
app freezes up	bug report
Its a great place to share time, with people of interest.	irrelevant information
I periodically have to uninstall and re-install the app because I stop getting notifications from the group I'm in that uses the app. It's very frustrating.	bug report
My number keeps changing (I am not doing it) and I messaged for help and nothing. It has screwed me with the new job I'm trying to get. No, help at all!	bug report
I've been using Signal for years and then you finally enabled group voice and video chats which is great for organizing. But now you want to get rid of SMS messaging which is ridiculous. I use the app for all my messages and there is no practical point to stop SMS messages. You're allowing phone service companies to transmit our msgs will result in less privacy which is antithetical to the reason Signal exists.	feature request
Would like to see a log of mssgs from&to each oerson and ability to forward mssg already sent to another, cc myself, add ppl to a drafted mssg.	feature request
Text Now gets no nos. Nothing to lose. This app is house money. Theres no cover at the door and could get online when other lines cannot.	irrelevant information
notifications broke after last update. Five stars if they fix it	bug report
So I chose to get the sim card and pay for phone data. They say you're using a certain amount of gigs when you are not. They run your mobile experience TO THE GROUND. You'll be out of tons of money within days to weeks, when you can simply just pay for a 30 buck phone bill. These people are rip offs. I've spent too much, and hardly even use my phone, and they are still burning my data even if I connect to wifi and use it. It's not worth it. I've spent almost 100 replacing just 2gs in a month!	bug report
I tried to to log in but I am not getting text message for pin. Even call verification is also fail.	bug report
Take 20 minutes to upload and image of 25kb size.	irrelevant information
Good app. Just another group chat.. eeeh	irrelevant information
Unsupported, clunky, doesn't send notifications reliably. I get the impression that the GroupMe owners just don't give a ****.	bug report
Laggy and unresponsive. Video quality is also worse than Duo.	bug report
I've tried contacting support 3 times now and haven't heard anything back. It shows i have 3 messages but they aren't showing up. They have been from numbers i don't have in my phone and I would really like to see who is trying to contact me. Would give it a 5star but really would like to get all my messages.	bug report
It only works sometimes. It force closes and freezes up.	bug report
could not get any txts bck	bug report
Can't even open the app. Crashes when I click on it.	bug report
Dropping sms makes this app useless to me. Years of using it gone to waste. Disappointment. Edit: tried giving time in case you stopped the removal of sms but you didn't. This app just became one of the most useless mobile apps.	bug report
Tried to uninstall it and it froze my phone so now I have to go to the company this app is a crock takes forever to load then only works once in awhile	bug report
I hate this app , it full of scammers!!! Beware!!!	irrelevant information
I like the security and privacy first mentality.	irrelevant information
Clear communications. Better than WhatsApp. User interface sucks. Need a configurable user interface. Integrate magnifier for seniors.	feature request
Installed it because my phone got shut off but since I've had the app, I've been able to to make and receive calls and texts. So far there aren't any issues or complaints.	irrelevant information
Every 2-3 days, I stop receiving texts and I keep on sending texts and they don't go through. I have to log out for 3-4 days straight and try to log in again and see if it works. Such a weird defect/bug. Any suggestions?	bug report
I really love it and very nice	irrelevant information
The new update sort of messed everything up. The interface is difficult to navigate, and I can't have the app running in the background. I can't even send images or videos anymore.	bug report
I'm looking for a one stop shop for messaging. Signal was it, but they are now removing SMS support. Time to look for something else.	feature request
It wont let me text numbers without like 50 adds please fix this please	bug report
Superb app with loaded features and full privacy.	irrelevant information
Its not letting me send picture messages to anyone.	bug report
Worst Mobile Application. Taking some time to show chats. Heavy application. Very slow app.	bug report
File format issue of download videos	bug report
I have been using it for a week or so. It's ok so far. I just wish the size of the input box (the box where you type your message) were bigger. As it currently is, you have to scroll up or down within the box to reread it which is very tedious if you normally have longer messages. The size of the box so tiny compared to the size of the whole phone screen. Why not make use of the space and enlarge the box? Also, I don't see any options to adjust text size or font. That would be very helpful.	feature request
Great app, been using it for 1 &1/2 years and has come a long way, I've compiled a list of my favorite ideas for updates to this app from the comments, 1. Dark theme / mode 2. Improved gui / graphics 3. Latency tweaks (in sending & receiving sms & lag in general) 4. Cheap (like 0.99) ad-free 5. Fix the refreshing bug (occasional endless refresh loop)	feature request
Used to love this app but couple days started screwing up. Click to open it and click to message and it mid type it jumps.back to a blank screen. Gonna reinstall and hope that works otherwise find another one. 10/2018 For some reason suddenly calls drop and I when a call comes in it won't let me answer. Gonna be checking other apps. Good product once upon a time.	bug report
This app has gone from streamlined and easy to move through to incredibly clunky and frustrating. It's not a learning curve thing, it's a bad design change thing. AND STOP asking if I want to turn on notifications.	bug report
There were some issues with voice messages before the update in which it wouldn't play but it wasn't frequent so I thought it was just a minor bug. However, since the recent update, almost every voice message is just not working and I experienced a really bad glitch where I couldn't scroll up or down, the screen was just bouncing around each time I tired. I think the update broke discord- please try to get this fixed soon-	bug report
Mobile update is horrible	feature request
Only thing new is the ads are way bigger and annoying.    TextFree  its self is a good functioning app (v5.02)	bug report
It doesn't show up in notifications and I have to keep restarting it just to get a message	bug report
ITS NOY EVEN LETTING ME IN THE DUM APP ITS JUST SAYING PASSWORD OR EMAIL INVALID BUT I KNOW MY PASSWORD WELL I EVEN CHANGED IT BUT NOOOOOOOO FIX IT	bug report
It just says " Connecting" And doesn't open. It also glitches a lot in mobile.	bug report
Good but annoying with the forced rating popup	feature request
The updated UX/UI changes are anything but user friendly... Shows that an accessible app experience matters little to Discord. :/ Won't be purchasing Nitro in the future.	feature request
It's a great app. I have used it for a while. It is reliable and with perfect sound quality	irrelevant information
Its. So far. A rip off I paid for premium service and I still can't make a phone call without WiFi . looks like just another scam	bug report
its an op but whatever	irrelevant information
I have a new phone and can't access my subscription. I need my number back.	bug report
I THINK THAT THEH SHOULD LET OUR NUMBER EXSPIRE BUT THEY SHOULD LET THEM	feature request
Cant use it any more in pixel 7 after the new update. It just freezes after launching and can't do anything	bug report
The best secure messaging app 🤘👌🤌	irrelevant information
A lot of times my chats wont load. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it hasn't fixed it.	bug report
I was charged 13$ for no reason	bug report
No longer aight, whoever thought of the idea of changing the UI needs to find a god damn hobby.	feature request
Very effective secure communication.	irrelevant information
The new layout is frustrating. I wish I had an option to go back to the old layout. Uninstalling until that option becomes available.	feature request
Alot of fun and great privacy	irrelevant information
The new look of last update is awful 😖 I wish I could not update	feature request
Too many commercials No	irrelevant information
Its great aap, but its going on for a week that Whenever i try calling, it shows the oponent is busy but the person isnt busy.. and they get notification of missed call. And sometime its ringing but msgs doesnt get delivered.	bug report
Breaks Android Share function. Edit - Thank you for the quick update. The bug was very annoying and took me a while to figure out the offending app.	bug report
It's not bad but it's not the best	irrelevant information
U have to earn minutes which is annoying sometimes texting is free which is great	feature request
New update is actually unusable. I was mad at first just cause it looked ugly and you can't swipe to see who's online anymore. Now I'm mad because I have to close the app completely if I want to switch channels and it doesn't show the message as sent so chat ends up spammed if people try to resend. Pls change it back it was fine 😭	bug report
Private calls not connecting?	bug report
Discord is an amazing app! I love the several GIFs and stickers built in. Discord makes it very easy to talk with my friends! The only problem I have is that sometimes you get disabled for no reason, but other then that, perfect.	feature request
I hate the update. Why was there a need to change the whole thing??	feature request
Awesome every time I made a call I wish I had more time than just 60 minutes but thank you	feature request
Super slow, I try to tap on a server channel, and it does not let me view it. It also freezes up, and when I tap, it sometimes thinks I held down, and it makes me aggravated.	bug report
A contact of mine has a picture and name of another person unknown to me.	irrelevant information
I use this before like last year it was very good and helpful	irrelevant information
I love the unlimited texting and being able to pick ur own number. Just don't like having to jump through hoops to get call minutes and the calling signal isn't all that great but still a good app	feature request
To KEEP the SMS support, DON'T update!	feature request
I don't get the notification when someone is calling me and only let's me know after it went to voicemail...	bug report
After an update it does not start anymore. Update of some Android services (like Web view) did not help. Just like reinstalling the Signal app itself - keeps crashing immediately after start.	bug report
Its annoying how the profile of the person i unfriend still shows up on the top. Please fix that its irritating	feature request
have a bug since update. Not able to get my messages pulled up.	bug report
Can't access any updates on Android 4.4.4 and the old version no longer works. The usual planned obsolescence game.	bug report
It was good at first but now its crap! I don't receive my messages half the time. It goes off when I'm texting. And now when I go to the app it's just a white screen. ! Please fix this!	bug report
Yeah, I see the point of some of the other reviewers. It IS SLOW, and doesn't seem to always connect. I guess I'll keep using it to offload some of my less important texts, but keep my real text service for anything important. I'm sure they'll continue to make it better over time....	bug report
It's really great for international communication.	irrelevant information
When sending photo, why is it anticlockwise 90 degree default and I have to adjust it myself everytime?? And now even some photo won't show up in the in-app gallery, it is broken? Hello are you fixing any bug?	bug report
Have uninstalled and reinstalled more than once and still do not receive notifications... So irritating.	bug report
I'm pulling my hair out trying to use this app don't know what problem is	bug report
Notification dosent always show.	bug report
This app is trash I can't send text or picture and it does let the pictures coming download it's worthless	bug report
Since switching away from a native Android application, this app has gotten progressively worse. It's extremely slow, buggy and I can't tell whether the new update has made it slower or slightly faster because it was already pretty slow to start with. It's now almost as slow and buggy as Snapchat.	bug report
Bugs Idk, when you leave it running in the background and then you open it, you cant chat send messages and channels are dissappearing....... so fix this	bug report
W App to chat with people	irrelevant information
This app caters to cons. If I could go negative 5 I would	bug report
yes, it works, it has unlimited texting, but fir some reason it doesnt notify me that i have a message. i have to go into the app and check manually to recivea message	bug report
Actually I love the app. Rating is so low only because they want to stop supporting Sms. What I really love now is the ability to easily switch between crypted communication and ordinary texting. What is more, I convinced friends to follow me and advertised this feature as something cool. Please keep this feature. It is important. Really important to have it...	feature request
Always enjoying this app, i get used to chat with my friends here. Here is the problem, discord in window run smooth and better. Unlike mobile version, it has lot of bugs. Bug that usually happens on my discord mobile is where my connection randomly lost. What make it weirder tho is i can still get massage from other. While mine cant even deliver a single massage. Have to force stop and clear cache to restart Discord. Pls let me know if you fix it	bug report
Somehow this app bas used iver 2 gigs of data this month.... I only get 3 gigs a month and have only been using the app for some short text messages...	bug report
Great app with first sim. I got an unlocked phone and bought a 2nd sim and now I cannot connect my unlimited calls and text. Impossible to get help. Was a 5 star till all this!	bug report
So I'd like you guys to implement external mic option instead of relying on headphones/earphone mic cuz when I'm trying to connect my wireless microphone, its just using the headphones/earphone microphone instead of the external one	feature request
Ok, I guess, for a free call/text app..	irrelevant information
New update has made discord take a lot longer to load, channels take a longer time to display correctly, messages dont show right away Needs patching or reverting	bug report
Long time user since 2016, watched the app ascend to greatness and crumble to corporate greed. I don't know what to do anymore since all my friends use this app, guess I'll have to find an alternative since nobody cares at discord.	irrelevant information
this good bro I can talk to my friends	irrelevant information
Good quality for the screen 😁😁	irrelevant information
Purchased in app credit for international call, but the balance still shows 0. The worst thing is it seems this company has no place to ask issues.	bug report
Waiting to see	feature request
pretty damn good for free	irrelevant information
I had a bit of a hard time starting a conversation with my contacts. I'm not sure why still but at least it's working now	bug report
All messages can be accesses by the CIA/US GOVERNMENT	irrelevant information
Fun easy money	irrelevant information
Every update is an absolute disaster. It breaks things and makes Discord mobile more unstable. This is not a good direction.	bug report
The app work great	irrelevant information
This app is garbage. That one star is because it's free. I can't call or video call my parents without making a regular call first. It's almost as if the other side is "offline" and you need to do a regular call first to establish an "online" connection first before Skype can connect. So trash. With other apps, I can call with this hassle.	bug report
Decent app... Does what it says it does... Its a little hard to get free minutes... But if youre in a bind and dont have the time to watch 30 second videos for 2 minutes of call time minutes are rather cheap and can be bought starting at 2 dollars but this is tezt free not call free so i will give them 3 stars because for text it works perfectly fine they would actually get 5 stars if it wasnt for the annoying pop ups and random ads that come out of nowhere at times. But 3 is still good 👍	feature request
It's misbehave when y wann send someone anvite, and the other person has the app too and it won't send	bug report
My friends won't stop talking about the length and girth of my father's phallus	irrelevant information
The UI responds extremely slowly. Frustrated with this.	bug report
Tryin too find friends	irrelevant information
I like it but it freezes alout  I get so mad 😤😛	bug report
Keeps telling me I exceeding creating account even when the sign up process doesn't work. Absolutely terrible.	bug report
Started out good now I don't get notified unless I refresh my messages in the app	bug report
Very efficient way to have a group chat. I like how GroupMe allows you to add/remove people from your group at any time. I also like how user-friendly it is and how you can easily add pictures to the group chat.	feature request
blocked calling services by etisalat and du of UAE	bug report
It would only work on speaker phone ,reception was pingy,not for me.	bug report
Great experience for communication with a large group.	irrelevant information
Just too many ads for my liking, which always makes my phone run slowly	irrelevant information
Great app for friends and family stay in	irrelevant information
Wouldn't let me log in. Repeated "Unexpected failure"	bug report
Lhlomb j Ioglpplo lol on your phone 📞📱📱 too or	irrelevant information
Cuts out alot at most times	bug report
Good app where a lot of information can be shared with many people. Ideal for group works and interactions specifically on a project. However, it's not enough user-friendly to my taste. Channels and topics can be confusing and you seriously might need training. If/when they get that around, Bingo!	feature request
At first it was excellent, then starting loading slow.	bug report
I think we can call on this app	irrelevant information
I'd recommend using another free texting app. This one doesn't allow you to get one time password texts unless you upgrade to their subscription. Also, numbers expire every 15 days if there's no activity.	feature request
I literally only had this app for 5min, did not use it at all and I can't get a refund back for my $5. Service was not rendered. please give me my money back! this isn't free. I'm not going to use this app	bug report
All I gotta say is best chatting app and best app for like communities	irrelevant information
Groupme on android is aweful. I havent been able to send messages for months. they all just fail repeatedly. I don't recieve all messages. New groups do not show up. etc.	bug report
Humam verification sucks	bug report
I have tried setting and resetting notification settings, downloading and redownloading, logging in and out... I NEVER get notifications, and I often miss important messages from my work team because this app doesn't notify me no matter what I try.	bug report
Good use for work	irrelevant information
Could have more features. Gets the job done.	irrelevant information
love the text overlay,really handy for hard of hearing family. Mobile app is better than desktop for them,for this reason.	feature request
It was workin perfectly me loving it n now it wont open no matter how many times i restart my phone...pliz help i dnt want 2 uninstall :(	bug report
Video quality doesn't seem very good. There's a lot of noise in the picture quality and the view of the camera is cropped in a lot on my s20 but there's no way to change it to be zoomed out wider. Was trying to use this as an alternative to Zoom but don't think I can as I need to hold my phone too far away during the call so that my face isn't ridiculously big on the screen.	bug report
The UI change isn't that bad. Everyone voting one stars are just crying.	irrelevant information
I got my account suspended for allegedly violating terms and conditions.	bug report
Do not like the fact that it limits character count.	feature request
Being able to reach out to others	feature request
Download and Use	irrelevant information
Discord has honestly given me a lot a friends, especially since I struggled to make them in real life. Five stars to four: The most recent update has changed a lot, and made the app a little difficult to navigate, but it's still fun to use.	feature request
Can we please have PTT sound options for Mobile backkk🥺	feature request
Newest update is absolutely rubbish. Makes me want to get on discord less often because it no longer works the same way and constantly tries pushing me to join voice chats for servers I don't care about. I mainly talk in group chats and now it's defaulting me to random servers and causing me to reply to random messages.	feature request
When tfhe same	irrelevant information
When u make a call the other party can not hear u and constantly drops the calls	bug report
Simple, reliable, and very secure app.	irrelevant information
Anyone one else start immediately getting Spam Calls to their regular phone after downloading this app? I got 3 almost immediately.	bug report
I really enjoy this app,but once it is read, I don't know how to delete the message!🤔	feature request
It's cool for texting. But calls are almost impossible most times.	bug report
This is a ok app sometimes ill get replies ba k from people within minutes and other times more then not they will arrive a few days later.	bug report
App is fine, almost as good as WhatsApp. Very easy to use, does its job & doesn't crash like Fakebook messenger.	irrelevant information
No details offered to give	bug report
It's Great, Simple, & Easy 2 Manage., It is Truly Helpful, especially in these Down Times. Thank You.!.	irrelevant information
Dont say free because its not	irrelevant information
A  little disappointed it keeps freezing an crashing  since I updated it	bug report
Easy to connect and share with everyone	irrelevant information
Great for a free text app	irrelevant information
Not worth it. Used better.	irrelevant information
I was really enjoying this app,  then came the update.  Ever since the update,  which looks good,  I've been unable to get the key pad to respond when in a call that uses an automated system.  For instance,  pressing 1 on the dial pad on a call to navigate through a menu no longer works.  Worked fine before but now,  nothing. Can't use this app for those kind of calls anymore,  which really sucks.	bug report
I am.having trouble unlinking myself with who previously had my phone number and their friends are mines on GroupMe. It's difficult to get rid of this person which hinders my use of groupme	bug report
it just works really slow	bug report
Like it thankyou	irrelevant information
It's sucks having a wifi ph app no matter which 1 u use.	irrelevant information
Lately somthing bad has happened to Skype. It's slower to respond. Opening a chat from a notification takes a few seconds (on a Galaxy s5). And the UI doesn't make sense.	bug report
My boss has tried to invite me 3 times. All I get is text messages and the app stays plank and I can't respond to the info we share. If it wasn't for that I'd give it a 5 star	bug report
Not good enough in communicating	irrelevant information
New UI is genuinely TERRIBLE. It was perfect before, or near perfect before the update. You removed features from before, & made things harder to navigate, I especially miss being able to swipe left & view all of the server members with a simplified list. I've been using discord since 2018, this has GOT to be one of the worst updates. At least let us revert it back.	feature request
satisfied Skype user for the past decade. I am very disappointed that Skype	irrelevant information
I don't get most of my texts and i don't get notifications... please fix for 5 stars!!!!	bug report
It sucks. I can't even get incoming calls when people call me... It only shows I have missed calls. This been going on for too long and nothing has changed. Not impressed	bug report
It works great for multi groups..	irrelevant information
horrible Used to hack my account but response was quick and helpful.	irrelevant information
ALL I COULD TALK TO WAS THIS STUPID ROBOT NAMED ZO. WTH	bug report
Best app for hang-outs!	irrelevant information
Interesting. Very, very interesting.	irrelevant information
I hope you have corrected issue. I am dependent on your very effective directions.	bug report
My opinion has been that discord was 5 star, but after this last update, I can no longer swipe left when in a DM to see participants list or pinned comments or search feature. I have to click up top on the @ icon in order for these things to show. Ultimately, it is a minor issue but annoying nonetheless. Please bring back swiping left for these things.	feature request
Every time have to log into the app and it is not to good.	bug report
great but i get spamed a lot so it annoys me but deffently 4 stars for shore	feature request
it makes my phone shut off completely every time i try to use it	bug report
Works great! Be nice if it could shake hands with apple, but. Otherwise I like it.	irrelevant information
Can't install the app	bug report
Half the time the app crashes and drops your calls. Right now it won't let me make a call	bug report
How to find chat messages?	irrelevant information
can u fix this app its full of bugs i cant doa anything w out restarting the app 2 times	bug report
Kindly improve	feature request
5/10 too much predators	irrelevant information
Good for big groups that don't use other social media apps	irrelevant information
lol. Waste of time. Before I logged out on computer was able to find out	irrelevant information
Stop messing up the app for 5 minutes, can you?	bug report
Great way to message the whole team	irrelevant information
I have been using discord for 2 years now, and honestly I never faced much issues. But after the recent update I don't know why but the app is not working properly. When we click at the emoji, it leads us to the emote,sticker and gif section but when I do click on a emote or try scrolling it goes back down not allowing me to use any of the 3 I mentioned above. It is very frustrating, I deleted and reinstalled the app but the problem still remained.	bug report
Works good for messaging friends and family	irrelevant information
Very helpful app. Use it constantly. Thank u. ....	irrelevant information
It is constantly reconnecting during important calls. That's a big issue for me. But otherwise, it has been an awesome app. I am thankful to have a way to connect incase anything important happens to my health. So thanks for making it possible to connect!	bug report
App was great before the new update. The new version has a dreadful user interface that no longer replicates the desktop app. Why change it when it worked perfectly fine? Much like the username change, discord is not listening to the community/it's user base. It works fine other than the new dreadful user experience. Edit: they've made it worse!	feature request
Nice user interface really smooth and user friendly.	irrelevant information
i would like to send and recieve pics through messages	feature request
Love it I can be in touch with friends around the world!	irrelevant information
Constant Continuing Port Scanning by Pinger. My router log is filled with port scan instances all coming from Pinger IP addresses. It's bad enough the APK is persistent (other communication apps don't seem to be as invasive). Although I like this APK it seems I may need to uninstall and find an alternative	bug report
thisgame got a aco locain	irrelevant information
Keeps on crashing on droid2 global. Please fix it	bug report
The new UI is cumbersome to use. Please provide an option to use the old UI or consider reverting to the previous UI altogether.	feature request
Could Be Way Better.  There's no calls.	bug report
Pretty decent calling app. The ads are only visual so they don't bother me at all. It's handy to have text now downloaded on your tablet when your phone takes a dump. I have no complaints.	irrelevant information
Not gonna any contact for many girls sucks.	irrelevant information
It crashes a lot, but still a helpful app	bug report
Not sure but will try it.	irrelevant information
Good app,  but wish it opened at the last chat you read instead of latest chat that was sent,  so I wouldn't have to scroll up to find where I left off.	feature request
When it says offers for more minutes you could download whatever app it says to but u want recieve ypur minutes	bug report
Sometimes I can't hear vc, it lags a lot and takes more time to reconnect than before. Otherwise great app!	bug report
All of a sudden pictures are not loading. I receive notification & when I open there's a blank square with a reload arrow but it can't even be tapped. Chat icon images are not appearing either. I use this app to manage my baseball team and it is very frustrating when an important image is sent and I have no way of retrieving it.	bug report
I agree with the general public's opinion on the new UI, it does make things a little more awkward. But I do still love discord and it's features. One thing I would love them to add in the near future would be custom notifications for servers/dms. I use that feature on apps like whatsapp, and it would be another useful tool to have in discord as well.	feature request
Overall the app is great, theres just one missing feature that is very frustrating, I have 2 accounts I switch between often and theres no way to save them to quickly switch without logging in and out every time, which is odd because the feature exists on the desktop discord app just not on mobile. Other than that minor issue the app is amazing, a very user friendly interface that makes it easy to host and swap between many different communities and never miss a beat	feature request
Whenever I try to log in or make a new account it keeps logging me out	bug report
Bery good some yime batt signal	irrelevant information
Good call quality and ease of use.	irrelevant information
hteat lige line and evertday use	irrelevant information
new UI is awful and clunky, has numerous dumb bugs, app is overall slower and more difficult to use with the new mobile UI. new users i don't suggest downloading this app its not easily functional	bug report
unable to upload photo from gallery .please fix that	bug report
I don't know cause this app is not important	irrelevant information
The new update I'd so bad	bug report
Its a good app but it won't let me in my account because I just redownload it and it said something about putting my phone number on it even though my phone bill isn't paid and it hasn't been paid in 7 months	bug report
just wanted to suggest something. Imagine if a user can switch accounts in discord, perhaps, without having to log out or smth?	feature request
After the update no more SMS support. That's all I used it for. Incredibly stupid choice from my point of view. I'm upset because I liked it. Goodbye.	bug report
For the most part this app works great. But if you really want it to work you must buy the upgrades. At which point you might as well quit being cheap & go get you a plan.	irrelevant information
it's a nice app to have if you are between phone plans and need to keep in touch.	irrelevant information
I'd still like for my old number to be switch back to where it belongs because I didn't switch it and somebody else change it it's what I'm investigating right now and sediments are well known in the community I am in please keep this phone number activated at all times CIA is watching everything thank you	feature request
worse update I've seen in an app, went from excellent to complete garbage with the new ui.	feature request
Glitchy and won't even give a dial tone when calling, worthless piece of s***.	bug report
It's good to share ideas with my groups.	irrelevant information
It wont let me make my calls, it just doesnt ring sometimes, it says poor wifi connection when it says excellent in the corner, and it says unable to connect.	bug report
Please fix some bugs while moving between your app and another🙏	bug report
the new discord update is NOT the way to go. its not intuitive, made the feature of what closing dms redundant and gave a ui overhaul to something that was designed correctly in the first place. please give the option to undo this paticular update.	feature request
This app is alright just for messaging, but when I go into calls with video or just audio the person the other side says they can't hear me, so I switch to LTE and they say it still doesn't work, so once again I switch to wifi and they say it's better. Overall, if your gonna use this app just use it for messaging and if you want a good video calling and audio app then Google duo is perfect.	bug report
Pre-fix: I LOVE Discord, but this app update is awful. The bubbly interface is confusing and annoying. Please put it back. EDIT: they put it back!!!!!!!!!! Yay!!!!	feature request
Good and reliable the application is good to trust	irrelevant information
Updated 12/03 23 OMG the glitches, now I'm not receiving texts till I open the conversation....DO NOT RECOMMENDANT THIS APP AT THIS TIME! Was a 5 now a 2. My thoughts exactly to what all others are saying.... you drop SMS I drop you. Plus they should be concentrating on the glitches and bad call reception. Very pissed that I need two apps to chat, if they go back I'll consider keeping.	bug report
cant load pictures now 😖	bug report
User friendly and a great way to communicate with peers!	irrelevant information
I rated it 3 Stars because when i use my phone number I waited to appear the verification code but it didn't appear	bug report
Good app, just an issue, it barely warns me if my number is gonna be taken down becuase I havent used it, which SUCKS. Overall good app just that "TINY" issue. I would like an explanation for that please.	feature request
It was working but now it says I need to pick a new phone number please fix this	bug report
Great app looks good	irrelevant information
that is getting ridiculous.. i have been using discord since 2016.. and it was working fine on my 1gb ram tablet and God-know-what cpu.. aand my 2gb ram.. now im using a phone with 8gb ram and snap dragon 860.. with a 100GB free space and still.. glitches & lags? can't evenhave a normal chat without having to restart the application at least twice? maybeif you add something like the performance mode it would be better.. i'd rather have my 120FPS more than having ur fancy updates..	feature request
Used to be great. The new 211.15 update broke how it used to open links with their relevant apps, now it open all links with your default browser on your phone and it is super annoying.	bug report
Very happy to have given Mr Zuckerberg the digital finger Great work you Signal people Latest update, still 100% great	irrelevant information
Love signal. Great app	irrelevant information
hope it will fix soon. But if he use ipad or pone there is no problem. I	bug report
ok before the new update everything was fine, after, my phone wont recieve long messages and the voice part is terrible!! its free, but your bombarded  with ads, not worth your time, not until its fixed	bug report
There is still a bug in Xiaomi phones	bug report
Lagging when I'm watching others stream otherwise the app is pretty good 😊	bug report
Used up more battery than the screen itself. Fix and I'll change to 5 star	bug report
This is the great app provides good picture qualiry	irrelevant information
Te reson I loved signal was that I could have SMS and private messaging in one place....aaaannndddd it's gone!	feature request
I love discord, but I've been experiencing a weird bug lately. Whenever I click to see any img, it doesn't show. It just blacks out completely. Even after installing the update it's not fixing at all.	bug report
You guys need to fix the issue where you sign in with CORRECT INFORMATION and says it is wrong. I signed out of an account, trying to sign into my main account, reset my password as it would not let me in with my previous one, and for the last three days i have not been able to sign in. I am 100% sure i am entering all of my information correctly. Every time i attempt to sign in, it says i have failed the login attempt. Even after reinstalling the app twice. This app is highly broken. Also, messages will frequently fail to be exchanged, and the formatting recent update is much harder to use than the previous version.	bug report
I wish I had to not update so much. It take up to much space	irrelevant information
Unreliable bad app. Calls time out, sometimes I can't access the interface to control calls because it's busy loading advertisements, sometimes the call volume is so low I can't hear what's going on. Don't waste your time	bug report
The desktop app is lovely, but the new UI for mobile sucks so bad. I haven't heard a single person say they like it. I'm BEGGING for a social media/messaging app that just stays consistent and doesn't make major changes like this. It's extremely irritating, less usable, and a lot of my favorite features were removed. I'll give a 5 star review if they listen to their users and go back to how it used to be, but for now, 2 stars.	feature request
It seems like a good app but it's not downloading on my phone	bug report
Wonderful APP! Just ruining a little slow if log in running on a browser.	irrelevant information
All of a sudden when I attempted to add a new group member this morning, it would not let me. I have tried everything to no avail.	bug report
It works but blocks authentication texts unless you pay. Not worth it.	bug report
Ok. The suggested topics are a little obnoxious. They look like ads and go against grain of apps main appeal-close knit communication a la gchat etc	feature request
Constantly getting a notification that signal is checking for messages wastes my energy. No obvious way to turn this off. What's the point? Just send message notifications.	feature request
Old version is better  and fast	bug report
Every time I open this app - 20mb usage. Every time I check for texts - 20mb usage. I'm exaggerating a little, but still, WHAT THE HELL! 2 days:100 messages:80mb. Even with background data disabled. That's ridiculous!	bug report
needs to be renewed every month to keep a number and could use a connection to android auto.	feature request
I have used text now for a long time and love it always my first choice but all of a sudden I'm trying to log in and it just keeps telling me a unknown error and to try again and i don't understand why really. if you could please help. thanks	bug report
OMG it won't work I can't make the account it keeps on saying wrong format!!!!!! Horrible,listen to me don't download it,it's horrible	bug report
With the new updated UI, the mobile app feels a little more mobile-y and definitely looks to be meant for phones. Main issue is that the full execution is poor. The old UI was quick and snappy with navigation, and the new UI is laggy and sluggish. It can take a few seconds for presses to register. Some settings are hidden and difficult to navigate to, like changing stream volume. The app doesn't always stay on the new UI either, it sometimes flips between both old and new on entry.	bug report
Sending pictures has gotten much better!! I do have an issue with the phone not notifying me that someone is calling. It's not uncommon to be notified by a buzz that I missed a phone call 6 mins ago or to be staring at my phone and then get notified that I just missed a call. I have an s22 ultra for reference.	bug report
love the text and pics u can send awesome	irrelevant information
Just bad. It got worse over time. What a shame.	irrelevant information
Stop supporting Signal. No more money due to their lack of SMS support. I know mixing plaintext with encrypted text weakens encrypted text, but I could never get some users and family members to switch to Signal. Since I must stay in contact with them only my few groups that have Signal, I will use SMS for most of my communications and use Signal only for the few contacts that have it. Too bad Signal did not elect to have their Signal groups send plaintext to everyone if anyone is plaintext 🤨	feature request
it's better now	irrelevant information
It is a good app to have when you just have WiFi.	irrelevant information
I luv this app I only have 1 issues and to me and most it's important and its been able to use a song from my own media player if unable at least ad a song that's loud and longer than 2 notes or just add old fashion ring ring if added il change to my rating to 5 star	feature request
Please make a space for private messages	feature request
It has been randomly closing lately and makes it hard to send a text when	bug report
the app is okay but im having some problems lately receiving messages,, new messages are not updating even though i receive notifs for new messages,, please help and ill update my feedback,, thank you,,	bug report
Good experience. Except, sharing limited photos 📸 options. 7-20-22. Updated: For Signal, the main issue with the SMS feature is the lack of security. Unlike the internet-based chats, the text messages are not protected by Signal's strong security protocols. Feb 7, 2023 Recently, iPhone users are having problems with receiving/ transmitting texts. June 2023 and September 2023.	feature request
Ive been receiving pornographic text messages from gmail accounts. Im never downloading this again	bug report
My chats get stuck on mute. It's an issue that recently started to occur and it's annoying. I used to be able to delete the app and then redownload it and it would be fine but now they seem to be permanently stuck that way. Then I get the pop up to rate the app...	bug report
A very good useful app	irrelevant information
It was a great app, Perfect even. But they changed the UI from the already great UI to a complete mess. They say it's faster and better, But it bearly functions and load times have only increased.	feature request
It's cooler and you can join eysever 👋 I will try	irrelevant information
My only problem is that it shrinks the images and videos I send. It never did this before and it does now. Please fix this. But other than that, you did great	bug report
It wont register a number for me.. Not one area code avaliable really	bug report
Iliketoplàygàmeswith my friends and talk to my friends	irrelevant information
Generally a great app but shouldn't be getting rid of SMS support	feature request
Requires you to pay a monthly fee in order to view texts from other phones.	feature request
Does not want to download anything	irrelevant information
Umm it's ok. Not my favorite but it doesnt give me any trouble either	irrelevant information
The app is very good. It is similar to whatsapp but, it does have games which makes this app even better.	irrelevant information
App  is good but those pop ups drive me crazy if you're not getting minutes I think it's fair not to get crazy as pop ups.	feature request
A weird thing happens when I send pictures: for some reason it says "Signal" below every picture I send, unless I delete the text before sendig it. I have no idea why this happens and haven't found an answer even after extensive research.	bug report
Nonethe messages are getting through on the group chats or individual chats. They keep telling me I have new messages, but there is nothing there.	bug report
People use this to scam you! Be careful!	irrelevant information
Keeps us informed and doesn't bog up my reg msgs.	irrelevant information
messages from canada to US not sending	bug report
Pants! Messages don't come through. (Yes power settings allow access). Media library doesn't show thumbnails, large videos won't send. Not good sorry.	bug report
I've lost multiple accounts, my account got disabled for tryna get rid of my copy cat, the new update is so confusing, it is so glitchy it is so hard too just simply open the damn app. I love discord but god damn can we have the old verson back. It was 10× better then this version. " We changed the layout too make it easier. " easier too confuse us all or easier for the 60 yr old adults who cant use their brain cells too figure out a damn app?	bug report
Emoticons Next To People's Names Anymore, It Used To Let Me Send Long	feature request
They updated it and the UI is so horrible now, please change it back :(	feature request
It was all working well until it came up as a Hacker had been thru it	bug report
sometimes hanging, voice not clear etc..	bug report
I get no cell coverage but can still text with wifi. Love the security as well. Just wish I could have on two devices.	feature request
It's fine but some chats have cool downs that are hours long, and if I post something, it just says sorry can't process, and then I have to wait 6 stupid hours, its annoying, fix this.	bug report
It goes online even if i just set it to invisible	bug report
It's great love it	irrelevant information
I hate this new update for the mobile application. In my opinion it's much harder to navigate and understand unlike it's previous counterpart that was easy to use	feature request
Background call window stays grey as if no video to be seen	bug report
and accidentally clicked a Google Docs file in my Google Drive. The	irrelevant information
Had it on my galaxy s7 and had no problems. I downloaded it to my galaxy s9 and never recieve notifications now. I have tried everything.	bug report
Doesn't allow to sign up	bug report
Terrible app.  Texting doesn't work, I'll send a text and it the recipient doesn't get it, phone calls are dropped after 10 seconds to run an ad.  Every time!  New texts don't show up until hours later.	bug report
Really good app when i first got it.recently it wasnt getting texts from people and crashing.i uninstalled and reinstalled the app.now i cant login to my account.please fix	bug report
Video image dark and constantly stops, I have to reconnect	bug report
this is a not-so-good app you have to pay for minutes for watch videos with 6 hours of time and it is a good app for talking to your friends or long-distance relationships but I really wouldn't recommend it unless you want to spend hours of every day trying to get minutes to be able to talk to your friends and family it's also not good for situations when you are strandedit's good for this app to not have you to pay or want to videos for hours it's not a very good app I don't recommended it	irrelevant information
has worked well for the need to communicate in group	irrelevant information
I have already activated sim card. I cannot make or receive calls. So I have to use my WIFI to uses text now to makes and receive calls. Clearly text now claimed you can make calls unlimited, Really please show me.	bug report
KEEP SMS! Not everyone I talk to is going to want to install this app which will make this app pointless to have... You guys following in Google's footsteps? Cause they'd make a good app too then they keep messing with it and mess it up... So with the new update does the person we're calling have to have Signal as well or will it not go through...?	feature request
Alright over all. Can't join any group chats that require a verification. It keeps saying my phone is already linked to an account. It will send me a code, but says the code isn't valid no matter how many ways I try to enter it. Even if I enter the code immediately after it's sent to me.	bug report
I'd give it a five star but it lagged a lot	irrelevant information
Sometimes it doesn't import all the contacts...sad face. It wasnt connecting with my Bluetooth on the signal call.	bug report
It needs to let us personalize it a little more. Like colors on themain screen.	feature request
Used this app as a second number the last year or so. Can't press ignore on calls without opening the app, a quarter of the calls that I recieve I can't answer, and even with those issues I still liked the app for texting- until these last 2 days when I lost a full and a half days work because I completely stopped receiving messages and calls with no warning. Tried force stopping it, texting it from multiple numbers, Uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing. Not getting anything in or out!	bug report
the app keeps getting worse with each update :// the newest mobile update look awful, and isn't intuitive in the slightest. please discord just put it back to the way it was. all the AI stuff, the profile customizations, they really aren't necessary. and my nitro subscription is feeling less and less worth it every update.	feature request
Could stand to have a longer mute ability.  The so still carries to much control.  Messes with other settings.	feature request
Privacy is most needed in this world and signal offers it at the best. Let us enjoy.	irrelevant information
No SMS support = no more Signal. Bye bye & FO	feature request
I'm not receiving the messages another person sends me	bug report
Despite having a functional Internet connection (WiFi), I have a red banner at the top of the screen telling me Skype cannot connect to the Internet. I was using Skype for business up until 2 weeks ago when this issue arose. Kind of frustrating.	bug report
I see what they are trying to do, but they executed it very poorly. The actual app is horrible. Every time I go into the app, guess what comes up first. The ads come up first even before my messages come up. You would also think they would put ads in the texting portion but they did that too. And if you have a slightly slow phone, that that ruins everything. When you send the text, the keyboard is collapsed, revealing a huge ad that gets in your way. That "feature" in the app really makes it hard to send multiple texts at once, since you have to keep clicking the box to get your keyboard up. I really wished they just changed this. This app would be perfectly fine if it wasn't loaded up with ads that make your phone slow. And I would rather buy a plan than get the ad block subscription, cause then I would not be free.	feature request
Terrible service. No longer works for verifying youtube accounts.	bug report
Wouldn't let me log in or create account	bug report
A husk of what it once was. At this point it's just broken. Most of the time my partner does not hear me and has to call back. Causes frequent issues with Bluetooth audio. For three days now I got a notification saying I am still in a call.	bug report
I give it a 2 cuz I didn't use the app for 30 days or more and it made me change my # for the app and now I lose my contacts that were with my other #... I need those contacts back!!!!! Please help me!!! I want my old number back!!! From text free user... mia13mia	bug report
Hey! To the respected Discord developers. I am a discord user and the Discord isn't working properly in my mobile can you please, fix the issues i think there is some bugs in the application that's why the application isn't working well. Whenever i open the app and click on the message or profile option the app is not letting me open that. I hope you fix that as soon as possible. Thank you!	bug report
There is no significant rival.	irrelevant information
DMs are disappearing, and the UI is buggy. You need to actually test things before pushing them out.	bug report
Because it's too good for new people	irrelevant information
We enjoy using GroupMe because it's easy and works well.	irrelevant information
well vert unfriendly application copy paste on using in a chromebook is a hassle i cant access two accounts evry time i have to log in to the account of my preference why cant you app ask me which account i want to acess and why cant copy sruff without its acting weird youh can surely impriove it please do make it more user friendly even for chromebook users we arent aliens as chromebook is more functional if this weird app will work perfectly without unecessary hassels and werid rules o	bug report
too much update no functionality	bug report
Overall it's cool, couple of features missing like the basic 'online' and 'typing' statues	feature request
I've been using TextNow for almost 4 years and have nothing issues and I loved it until few weeks later, my data is super duper slow. It's always 3G for the past weeks and there is no LTE at all and I'm very disappointed. I've tried to contact the customer service or HR, and every time I've tired to contact, they are not available! I'm very disappointed and I really hope my data is back again like usual. And for the people who have issues like me, stay strong!	bug report
bring back the old UI you freaks no onne asked for this	feature request
Messages aren't delivered if you close the app.	bug report
By removing mmms/sms you are removing my ability to communicate with my friends better than the messaging app. When you dropped custom alert notifications it was close to to much, but it was not your fault. This is.	feature request
I can't do the login with my account, because the app asked me the	bug report
New UI sucks, the old system worked wonderfully, now I have to tap unnecessary buttons to switch from conversations. I can't scroll to look at the server member list either, I have to click more buttons. This doesn't streamline anything. please revert the changes or allow the old system to come back	feature request
I've used this app for a while. I paid the $4.99 and lost my number. I then switched to $1.99. Lost number again. I get no explanation so I'm done with textnow.	bug report
Been using discord for around 3 years now, it's simple once you get the hang of it and I use it more than sms or any other messaging system. Also recent update made the stream quality way better even without nitro, good app never disappoints. edit: new update on phones makes it worse	feature request
It's good and all but when I try to add my phone number and the verification code keeps saying it's already being used.	bug report
I would give this a 5/5 star, but when I voice call my friend we can't hear each other clearly, it's like our mics are disconnecting	bug report
Great app, wish we can edit our comments.	feature request
Removing sms. Removing this app.	irrelevant information
Uh, easily the BEST FREE unlmtd. Talk text APP THERE IS... LOOK NO FURTHER YOU WILL DOWNLOAD A ND INSTSLL THIS APP ON EVERYONE OF YOUR DEVICES TIL THE END OF TIME, BET!	irrelevant information
This is pretty good 👍	irrelevant information
I have to keep logging in every couple of minutes, the app is unusable.	bug report
This app is fire + i can talk my fav youtubers so yea thats a best app :D	irrelevant information
It works for making calls to Venezuela. Sometimes the reception is not that great but it's very possible to be the reception down there	bug report
Easy to use, great for team sports.	irrelevant information
I dont want this app	irrelevant information
Best experience I've had phone service free clear and on time thanks TextNow	irrelevant information
I love not being spyed on But this always having to update I can't my phone is full	feature request
It's so nice app but why don't now it's app don't install my phone	bug report
Still has some issues for mobile. I don't like that I manually have to follow tickets individually in a server. Instead of coming up in the area they are assigned to, they come up under suggested channels to follow. I have to follow each one and hope that they are even suggested for me to see. I also don't like the search feature. It's much harder to use, especially with searching for specific things for individual members. It only shows me info for specific channels and not as a whole.	feature request
This worked great for a while but I suddenly stopped getting push notifications and text messages from the app. No change to my settings either just sudden stop. I'm not the only one with the issue either. Hard to trust a messenger app that doesn't tell you you've got messages.	bug report
It's not good for sending and receiving pictures or for making calls. There are too many ads which are really annoying. Aside from that, it's OK for texting	bug report
excellent application free phone service when you buy sim for only $5 NO Monthly payments	irrelevant information
It works great but inless you pay money you cannot get your verifications to make sure you are who you say you are so that part sucks but Everything else worked perfect	feature request
Such garbage. Just use FB messager. Doesn't even require a FB account.	irrelevant information
pretty good, but I don't like how you can't scroll left and right to ser photos in the chat, you have to press the "x" then find the next photo.	feature request
I used to be a big advocate for Text Now. I'm not so sure anymore. Just recently, I had to replace a Sim card they had sent me. I had problems activating the sim card, and had to contact customer service multiple times. I finally got in touch in chat with someone named "Royall". Long story short, they ended up not helping at all, and LOCKING ME OUT OF THEIR CHAT HELP! I was not impolite/ uncivil at all, and this was completely uncalled for.	bug report
Quality of calls fluctuates.	bug report
Excellent and so Private	irrelevant information
Aggravating.... I bought your SIM card, I pay your monthly... so why doesn't my phone ring for incoming calls? I get notified of missed calls... that wouldn't be missed if my damn phone rang. Why do my text randomly stop being sent? Incoming populate, but responding isn't possible unless I reboot my phone. Fix the got damn system... I have dealt with this BS long enough.	bug report
It's ok but since a few days ago I can't add people on group calls. It appears like I added them, but they are not called and I can't call them from the participants list. Please fix this!	bug report
It's great, I'll see how it works overseas.	irrelevant information
Team is decided	irrelevant information
I would have given this app five stars if the texting didn't lag and glitch. I have no problem with anything else. I haven't ever ran out of minutes and the ads don't pop up randomly or take over the whole screen like some other apps. If you could fix this then I would definitely give this app five stars!	bug report
Doesn't show me notifications that people wrote to me, all shoes up at once when I open the app myself.	bug report
This app is the wort app ever you do not need to log into your account	bug report
App is great. However, when I complete offers, I'm not rewarded with the call minutes promised. I've downloaded apps, and ran them. Days later, still no minutes added.  Fix this and it's an easy 5 stars.	bug report
Not heard other people very well	bug report
Drops call downtimes	bug report
everything was working great. now it no longer allows me to send songs or teachings. a line with a red x appears. i have updated it to the latest version but when i fill out the support form the respinse keeps coming back that it isnt the latest version	bug report
Love the texting. No problems at all. But as for the calls, doesn't work. Everyone can hear me, but I can't hear them. :-/ Big Bummer. But I love to text, so its ok.	bug report
I can't record audio over my microphone's recording while sending a voice message it just says 'Unable to record audio' please fix it	bug report
For the most part navigation and setting up the app is good and easy, the damn part about it is that when it's on Wi-Fi the cause and text messages don't seem to come through or be hurt until probably maybe an hour or so later or when I've come up off Wi-Fi. Sometimes when I'm off Wi-Fi the signal and service is okay depending on where I am but most of the time I don't get good phone reception or either the person that I'm on the phone with can't hear me or I can hear them when I'm not on Wi-Fi	bug report
Why is it echoing now?	bug report
I can't upload photos from my gallery to skype	bug report
Great way to communicate with our team...so easy to use and keep an active thread going!	irrelevant information
Alright so times are tough right now and i only have text now # fir phone and my google account was hacked so i needed to change old # and such and only waybi could is get google verification code right well text now wouldnt let me unless i upgraded my account	bug report
I cant use it offline	feature request
discord try not to actively make your app worse with every update challenge (level: IMPOSSIBLE) the new ui sucks so bad. give us back the old one please for the love of god. have mercy. it was literally fine nobody had complaints. name one time somebody asked for this update. you can't.	feature request
sometimes the call 📞 doesn't work	bug report
This thing refuses to deliver a user code no matter what.	bug report
Text now isnt really reliable!	bug report
You can't place phone calls on some public WiFi networks, but otherwise it works exactly as described	feature request
Recent update.. Dec 6th 2023 really messed up the experience for me, the UI is so laggy and cumbersome to navigate. Randomly it browsing different channels the page would get stuck on the previous channel. You have to force quit the app so it will refresh. Running on a pixel 7. Give us the ability to go back to the old UI	feature request
if i could no stars i would. this app had me purchase mintues even b4 using, then when i had a call the other person couldn't hear me, so they kept having to call back. once we finally connected there was a massive delay in the conversation. i have only had 1 successful call and now its telling the caller his number is restricted. want to uninstall, unfortunately i will lose the money i put on it for minutes..DON'T INSTALL APP, waste of time	bug report
It disconnects on me a lot especially the texting	bug report
Shuts off when I turn it on	bug report
It has been super easy to connect with the group going to the same event!	irrelevant information
Sensational and excellent service when I needed it.	irrelevant information
It is very good for sending messages, but it doesn't ring when someone calls me with such as someone has some important new to say, and no one answers, everyone that texts me on that app it 80% sure the phone's not ringing.	bug report
I did everything and know everything I need to know but I still can't login. Besides that, I love it.	bug report
Every update the app just gets worse, what was so wrong with the old format? I would have rated it as 4 stars before, but with every update they change something else that was completely fine and it creates a gazillion bugs.	bug report
it's a pretty good texting app but I would like it better if I would be able to make my own personal phone number	feature request
Enjoy conversing with my Cousins!!!	irrelevant information
My inbox won't load. It's updated i restarted the phone. Not sure what else to do here. Very disappointing	bug report
Discord, can you please add a clear chat feature that all I need to give you 5 stars just for the person who wanted to clear the chat	feature request
Occasionally, the sound is like it's underwater.	bug report
People keep getting me out of it >:(	bug report
I can no longer supports Skype it just simply will not ring my phone when I get a call! I might get vibrations in the only time I actually could get a call as if it is in my hand when I get a call in because it will not ring!	bug report
I eat poo. I eat poop. I eat poopoo	irrelevant information
Please fix the "gifs-bug". Giffys aren't showing previews upon searching. Please do fix this for PCs and other OS...	bug report
Do not get Notifications from this app.	bug report
No matter what I do, I don't recieve notifications for messages and whenever i send a message it tells me tbat i have an unread message to read	bug report
Here I thought the new update would've fixed the minor gltiches and bugs when accessing the app through the message notifs but it didn't it actually made the app load a bit slower than before. The new update also feels unnecessary, I mean why isolate the dms? It alwas just fine before sitting at the topper left corner. It feels off the the dms are now at the bottom part seperated from the servers not to mention the active status of each member in the server really feels off as from slide to tap.	feature request
If it loads ill tell ya	bug report
So far, so good....no probs; however, I am concerned about the process after mins run out. As for now, works excellent, clear on calls, quick on texts. Biggest complaint, are adverts. Need to inform the market, it is like streaming~pay to eliminate ads.	feature request
Very happy with this app.	irrelevant information
To much infidelity encourage	irrelevant information
I'm only reviewing the mobile app here. This app is really annoying. There are so many features missing from discord mobile that half the things you can use normally don't even work at all on a phone, like, you can send gifs on a phone, but you can only favorite them on a computer. If it wasn't for issues like these it would be a perfect 5 star review, but with so many things missing it really is frustrating to use the mobile app or to even attempt to manage a server from only a phone.	feature request
Am trying to cancel subscription and Skype ignore and won't let me!!	bug report
This app is great for fun times with my friends and stuff but I have a few things that I think should be known: •Whenever I'm on a call with one of my friends and I want to screen share something it immediately kicks me out of the app, can't even stream family guy :[. •And more of a recommendation then an complaint but..I think a feature to sort DM's and group chats into folders like the servers would be neat, like for projects, archives, and stuff, and would just feel way more organized	feature request
Cannot use keys on automated call trees	bug report
Stop it. Stop changing things for the sake of changing things. Stop making things worse just for the sake of making it newer, and then force everyone to use your slop. Either fire every single "UI designer" you claim to have employed and get an entirely new set, or allow us to never use the garbage they produce. Edit: I don't care about your stupid bloody article. Nobody does. Revert the change.	feature request
Deleted all my pictures, gifs and voice-mailfrom the app when I uninstalled. Otherwise it works great as long as your wifi signal is strong.	bug report
Just wish that people who can't afford or can't pay for nitro have another way to get them, like ads maybe?	feature request
issue and not a single email has been returned I do not advise anyone to	bug report
It has its pros and cons.	irrelevant information
Dropping my review from 5 to 2 stars. Ever since the framework update, this platform has been borderline unusable on Android. Each "bugfix" they release simply adds more bugs and fails to patch the glaring issues with the app (e.g. gifs slowing the platform to a screeching halt??). I would be more understanding if there was an active attempt at developing fixes for this broken platform, but some of these bugs have been around for years. Please focus on fixing before you add more things.	bug report
Kind of slow but it works	irrelevant information
Good app easy going and simple	irrelevant information
i was charged but i dont even have the app i was a refund	bug report
I love it u guys should help us poor people out with wifi for single moms with kids	irrelevant information
I liked the old skype's outlook much more than this confusing and pointless	feature request
It's ok but videos take a very long time to load, and it doesn't matter that I have 5G/high speed WiFi, have already previously loaded the video, or if the video is only a couple seconds long.	bug report
Never opens on my phone	bug report
Haven't tried it yet hopefully it works	irrelevant information
Videos won't play	bug report
Very slow app..please develop this app..	feature request
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE UPDATE THIS ALMOST PERFECT APP! ALL IT NEEDS IS A FEW TWEAKS TO ELIMINATE FREEZING UP & OCCASIONALLY SLOW LOADING TIMES FOR IT TO MAKE IT A 5 🌟APP!	bug report
Nun of the calls are going through I deleted the app and re-download it and it still ain't working y'all gotta fix this	bug report
change this update right now.	bug report
Awesome but I had to use text now to use door dash and order food get a verification code etc	feature request
Good god, this is one of the least intuitive apps I've seen in my life! It won't let me edit or copy the number I just called. It won't offer to just redial the number I just called. It won't automatically set the country code I just used as default for the next call, instead reverting to no code at all. Not to mention that the interface is not intuitive at all when you're trying to find a lot of things, like checking your balance or where to top up your credits. I'll look for another app!	bug report
No so good, it takes a lot of time to join a call.	bug report
This app has completely stopped working for me it refuses to let me log in even after I have changed my password. I keep getting an error message no matter what I do.	bug report
Just wished that I could just verify simply just with my email... Getting dumb errors saying: Someone else is using this phone number, try detaching your phone number from the other account. From trying to verify to talk and agree to the rules, Anything but the phone number cause some people are using my phone number too. I tried again and again, nothing. PLEASE FIX THIS SO I CAN TALK FOR REAL IM TIRED OF THIS VERIFICATION	bug report
I really enjoy using Discord on a daily basis, but the UI of this new update is a massive downgrade and makes using core functionality needlessly difficult.	feature request
this has really worked well for the family to share with each other	irrelevant information
It's annoying to have mandatory updates.	irrelevant information
took away ability to disable heads up notifications	bug report
Signal is great! I use it every day!	irrelevant information
Released the number I had even though I used it.	bug report
Recently it hasn't been working well at all. It never loads chats properly and sometimes I have to reinstall. Sending things is a coin toss as to whether it will actually get sent or not, especially with pictures. They really need to get their Android app dev act together. I'm pretty unhappy and so are a lot of people in my groups	bug report
Text now is excellent service. My only complaint is that it auto synced to Google pay which won't verify my debit card so I can't pay for premium service. Text Now should not affiliate with Google so closely. If you want to know what someone is like look at whom they associate with....	feature request
You have to get minutes to call so i dont like it	bug report
Every gif you try to upload into chat fails unless it's a 144x144 mosaic puzzle, only then will it get properly uploaded.	bug report
Overall it is a good app except I had to uninstall and reinstall, because I stop getting notifications and it was not turned off.	bug report
Not adding me to my group	bug report
No option to delete contacts	feature request
Never had a problem until now. For some reason my emojis have turned into question marks after being sent on my end but not the receivers. No update available, please fix	bug report
Now I can stay in touch with the people who means a lot to me and friends with and family as well	irrelevant information
have nothing but good things about ya	irrelevant information
The new layout doesn't show up to me, I'm still in the old one	bug report
Would more rating if notification issue not there. There is an issue with notification. It used to come very late . Many of my friends have same issue. Even what we noticed , there is some issue with application to use network properly as it get disconnected automatically for couple of seconds and again reconnect on healthy network of both mobile as well as Wi-Fi.	bug report
Truly appreciative	irrelevant information
This is a great app. No fuss messages sent	irrelevant information
The new app is an absolute eyesore and dumpster fire go back to what it was before please	feature request
No SMS???? I just got a notification on Signal stating that we will not be able to send non Signal messaged soon. That is a bad idea. Not everyone uses Signal, if I have to use two different apps to text it will not be useful anymore. I highly recommend not making that change if it can be avoided.	feature request
ANNOYING AND AWFUL UPDATE	bug report
Ever since the most recent update to the mobile app. there has been nothing but glitches and bugs.. The video call layout it not very compatible and does not have a default screen settling. I'm alsohaving to close and open the app constantly in order for it to work properly.	bug report
The app works but when it told me I need more space to upload videos I got nitro and it still didn't work	bug report
Cannot change incoming messages colors, has access to contacts even when it's explicitly denied. False sense of security.	bug report
Right on time,it's really convenient	irrelevant information
I don't like that sometimes messages are not in a box. They are on a line and you miss them. Otherwise it's been pretty good.	feature request
A lot of lag recently.	bug report
I love this app I mostly use this app for Collabs and for talking to my friends but ever since the new update where you have to change your username it made it hard to add friends but I still use this app I've been using it for almost a year	feature request
Can't see any groups. Can't search for any groups. I've been added to groups but they don't show up in the app.	bug report
What would it take to have a poll option or event creater? This app has been great and having the features mentioned would make it even better!	feature request
I've used this app for over 2 years, and I'm really disappointed from the new updates. After the new nitro update came out discord started to function less. Now after the new template update, it has became a lot more overwhelming and slow functioning. The new template was very unnecessary, overstimulating, and atrocious. Discord is a lot more slow now, and even the new voice chat templates aren't it. PLEASE listen to your users	feature request
There are settings you'd think should exist in a messaging app that this one just doesn't have. You can't remove yourself from a group? That's just weird. Really not a fan.	feature request
It's a great tool for parents with kids in activities.	irrelevant information
The app keeps crashing even after multiple installation	bug report
New UI is hard to navigate with, it's like someone tried too hard and ended up ruining the whole app, please go back to the OG UI.	feature request
Fix the call issue when I make calls my friends can't here me	bug report
The app does fine when you first download it then suddenly stops working.	bug report
Love this app. Wish it were available to download on the pixel watch.	feature request
For the most part the app is fine, but two issues bother me more than the others: 1. The keyboard will randomly go down and not reopen for roughly 30 secs-1 min. It doesn't happen often, only when I type fast or have a laggy connection. It's been around for about 3 months for me if not longer now. 2. Reactions don't appear for me anymore. No matter what I do, I physically cannot see reactions on messages unless they are on an image or video, nor can I remove a reaction of any kind.	bug report
Terrible I got a viruus from it!	bug report
It works really well when I am messaging somebody or even video calling.	irrelevant information
This is good if you want to ghost someone. Others use it as a way to scam people out of their money. I spoke with someone who got scammed by the previous person who had the number I was using. I felt bad for him/her. I think like over $10,000 then just ghosted him/her. I tried to give as much advice & tips that might of helped getting the money back. Hope everything turned out well.	irrelevant information
...how the mighty have fallen. Deprecating sms/mms support is like Olympic committee canceling swimming from their summer games and offering a 100m doggy paddle as consolation. Antithetical to say the least!!	feature request
DOES NOT WORK. Keeps saying try again later. Fake app	bug report
Didn't like it too many numbers calling me that I didn't know	bug report
Stopped receiving text messages from 2 group me accounts on July 1, 2023. How do I resolve problem?	bug report
Love this app cause of the privacy I get and I know I can trust it	irrelevant information
The app's so much bugged, with the nitro themes on, u can't see the embed colours. and with the new layout on the notifications and mentions gets merged which is so hard to navigate.	bug report
I would give it 4 stars but I can't receive pics and also every time I get a text, my tablet turns on and wastes battery life.	bug report
I can't giv it a good review or a bad one..... I can't figure out what I'm supposed to do to send it. I just wanted something that I could send a free text on, but I can't do that when the isn't a way to send it.	bug report
TextFree is normally a great ap to get free texting, but the latest update made it so that some contacts no longer show their names, only their number.	bug report
Il give you 5 stars if my text now starts working. My wifi is fast but still says connecting.🤦	bug report
WhatsApp has a group chat function as well.... So what's the point	irrelevant information
It's good but when I use it my phones regular messenger doesn't work	bug report
Pretty Nice software	irrelevant information
Call connection sucks! Texts delayed! If I could give a 0, I would.	bug report
I love this app, and now they've made themselves compatible with my tablet, so I'm thrilled. This is one of the best messaging apps ever	irrelevant information
Love this application 😍 ❤ 🙌 💕 👌 💖	irrelevant information
Doesn't work well sometimes and notifications only come through when you open the app itself.	bug report
Not happy.	irrelevant information
A lot of work is remaining on improving this app. This app starts laging itself and if somebody is online it shows it correctly but if they close the app and clear background then still it shows them as active user. And signs of message sent and they seen the message is very worst as app is developed by Microsoft we can't expect this type of any product from you. There are many more problems but i can't type anymore by word limit. So fix these type of silly bugs hope we see a good upgraded skype	bug report
Old discord is very nice	feature request
It's really a bit good and cool, because i can talk to my friend and sending a art/pictures to my friends :)	irrelevant information
I I wonder why the thing doesn't work when people call me on the phone it never works people are like oh hello hello hello hello hello hello but I can never and then they say that they can't hear I got to do to fix it	bug report
It's good. BUT IT ALWAYS UPDATES and IT SUCKS!!! 😤😬😠	bug report
Great for work	irrelevant information
Since them discontinuing SMS it literally makes this messenger app useless to me. It's a real shame because I've used it for years but having to get everyone to get signal to still use signal is just not realistic. Back to looking for a new messages app for sms....	feature request
Text free need to deleted yall made this app for for people to her privately harass people	bug report
Edited: Seems the issues of the previous version went away. Is Discord finally listening a little to feedback? I'll wait and see.	irrelevant information
Texting is okay, but I often don't get notifications if messages. Call feature barely worth it. Good app if you need call and text on wifi but if there's better then get it	bug report
It keeps on lagging. I cant even create an account. Pls help me out i need this app for our webinar this Monday.😔	bug report
Given that it's free, one can't expect all the extras that come with the paid service. But as someone whose only means of communication is via text, it works. I just hate all the ads that frequently pop up in the midst of typing or reading the texts.	irrelevant information
It work so good	irrelevant information
Tex now I use for years now	irrelevant information
Lagging too much. The new update sucks it keeps lagging and not working. I'm hoping it can work during college, it doesn't work in college which is weird. Much better now but it is down on some occasions. Now it won't let me log in.	bug report
It's ok sometimes it lags and has annoying ads	bug report
Classic	bug report
Quite good to manage	irrelevant information
It's useful. But you lose your number if you don't use it or pay.	irrelevant information
The new ui is so unintuitive to use, you have to tap and swipe so much now. Everything, every action now needs a separate sub menu to access making navigating this app feels like a maze. Who thought this was a good idea?	feature request
It's a good tool to help students have a chat group for classes.	irrelevant information
I use android OS, when I get on the app it keeps cycling to a blank white screen, erasing all I have typed! I am only successful with sending a message if I quickly touch the screen of who I want to message before the white screen cycles again. I can't rely on this app to communicate with friends and family.	bug report
Since I previously had GroupMe on another phone I had a problem connecting on the new phone. (Was unhappy with my provider because they were not able to offer me assistance).	bug report
Everytime I try and share a pic it fails. Please fix!	bug report
bugs me to see the orange text saying "message failed to send" so when I	bug report
When the call connects my screen goes black. Then every 15 seconds or so it will flash on for a split-sevond. Screen goes black for the phone itself,not just in the app. Only way to stop it is to turn off the phone. Uninstalling. Also,nothing in the settings to delete your account.	bug report
How I cancel my subscription	irrelevant information
This app has moy failed me yet! I am able to get in touch with all my friends overseas. I had issues installing om somd of mh other devices and will soon kniw if therd is eork around. It is securd transport of messsgrs and phone calls. I would highly recommend it. I use it as my default messaging service ClaytonS	feature request
I miss calls and messages. Notifications go on and off. Sudden unexplained crashes out of nowhere that reboots my phone. It's been installing for hours.	bug report
App i amazing i can cheat on people and not even get caught😱😱	irrelevant information
I use skype for only official purpose, i like the option of editing the message if we had a typo and removing message as we never sent it.	feature request
Discord used to be a 5 star app when it mirrored the PC experience. The latest update (sept 2023) has made it difficult to navigate. Not sure why they felt it needed this inferior update. I would have preferred if it remained very close to the PC experience.	feature request
It should have free minutes you spend a minute watching a video just too earn one minute waste of time	feature request
they are in a big upgrade period..I am looking forward to new service upgrades....	irrelevant information
Texts are decent calls suck badly	bug report
I'm having trouble adding a friend into dms, I've already added his username as a friend and he already accepted my friend request, but it still says that I need to be in a mutual server or this user ID accepting direct messages from friends. Now it's not letting me friend him because it was an error. How is it an error if I have the user in my dms???	bug report
Discord is best for chating i use this 2 year but have a problem i open a new account because my recent account is now hacked :( btw problem is keep asking for wait are you human and i solve this puzzle but discord repeat the same thing i don't create a new account please fix this	bug report
I'd take my year and some months of weirdly growing and shrinking channel sizes (in fact, I miss them at this point) compared to this new UI. I hate it. I hate it so much. Muscle memory has me swiping left and I no longer cannot. I want my server lists back. Bring them back. I run 2 servers and I can no longer easily check up on my members. Edit to reply to the comment Discord has left: Do you think I haven't already done that? I've left feedback everywhere it can be left. Don't patronize me.	feature request
Won't sync messages across devices	bug report
I've been using Discord both on desktop and mobile for over half a decade, and always appreciated that I could swap between the two and get similar appearance and functionality while also having a consistent experience interacting with its features over that span of time. Discord's recent changes to its mobile app are a notable step away from the sort of design I'd grown to appreciate, and I'm not at all a fan of it.	feature request
Very buggy for Androids. I consistently miss pictures and videos from friends. I also am not able to upload videos to groups. Currently, I can't even send a message in some of my groups. It's pretty decent if you have an apple product though.	bug report
Aswful. No	bug report
awful UI changed, used to love the app but it's basically unusable now, video previews have never worked for me when trying to send or view already sent videos, and I am forced to have picture in picture screen shares as well as full screen or not watch at all	bug report
The new updated version is very slow that message text more than 3-4 seconds to get delivered as it keeps on buffering. Earlier also it was slow, now it has become slowest.	bug report
While searching for a job, scammers use this time several times trying to steal my information posing as a company doing an interview. Watch out...	irrelevant information
All it is is an instant message app nothing special	irrelevant information
Superb app for data sharing...Please try to make this app available for windows 7 (Professional)	feature request
The only reason I got this was for phone number verification, and it doesnt let me verify. The ads are way to frequent, and as always, theres a pay wall.	bug report
Waste of time. Constant network issues and text issues. Network down more than up. You receive messages that people send about 45 minutes after they send them. Real waste of time.	bug report
Please allow users the ability to turn off swipe right to reply. Will not update app until this as an option.	feature request
Great times	irrelevant information
I paid five dollars just for the app to not let me call out. Can you guys fix it and then get back to spending the money you make from the app? Thanks.	bug report
Easy to set up,easy to use,and haven't had any problems 😎👍	irrelevant information
"New revamped light and dark mode colors"? Are you kidding me???Why not just say "We are going back to 1950s Black and White color scheme"!?!?! Bring back the grey mode! New "revamped" mode hides thumbnail picture and video previews and when you mute a room, it has no image at all. Ridiculous!!!	feature request
I installed skype in my mobile and purchase monthly package for USA calls now i contacted skype to stop my purchase from next month but they are sleeping i dont now how they are poor for penny. Now i am unable to use that bank account due to them because they come and charge my account i dont know why they are doing this	bug report
FREE MY ASS..THIS APP AIN T FREE..AINT NOTHING FREE IN THIS WORLD..MUST WATCH PREVIEWS TO OBTAIN  MINS..R U SERIOUS	irrelevant information
No customer support. No ability to pay on their website instead of on the phone.	feature request
I've been using TextNow for about 10yrs. It has its days, when the App. Time to time crashes... what sucks about it, DOESNT RECIEVE CODES!	bug report
It is free come on	irrelevant information
I WAS using this religiously, like everyday. For some reason today it will NOT log me in no matter what I do. Something about errors occuring. 1/10 DON'T recommend.	bug report
Removing sms. No longer useful.	irrelevant information
why can't I get notified when there are new messages?	feature request
Can't seem to connect	bug report
It was good but it is not working properly, So i had deleted and again reinstalled it but it is not working. Problem: I typed the email address and accidentally I had closed the app but when I opened it show that the email has been registered but I didn't registered	bug report
Not sure what the devs are spending all that nitro money on but discord keeps getting buggier and buggier. Its so frustrating to use now	bug report
Budget worthy!	irrelevant information
What's up!	irrelevant information
Got kicked out of my account for no reason or prior notice as to even why, just was; I think someone has hacked my account, or reported me, and I need help recovering my account. If not, then leaving it at one star. This app should be more secure, the passcode is pointless because it is easily broken into/reset; please do better.	bug report
WhatsApp is no alternative	irrelevant information
I'd give a five stars if I could afford the version that didn't have the ads in it. But the free version rocks	irrelevant information
A lot of delays but great to send messages or videos if you're not in a rush	irrelevant information
This site is very useful, stable, and appropriate.	irrelevant information
Idk what happened but sometimes when I try to open discord on chrome, it gets stuck on the loading screen and dosen't open. Yesterday, my internet connection was also totally fine but I couldn't see a stream. I tried to view it in a different device too but it didn't worked	bug report
You can't call on this app! I call someone and I don't know if my phone or what but I tried call my old school and it said called but I never actually talked to the person what am I doing wrong?	bug report
It is a great way to stay in touch with people. You can group or single chat. However the app only lets you "heart" a message. I would like to see other options to responding to messages than just "heart".	feature request
It's a good app, but I was wondering if I could get some help getting back my old number I just deleted by accident today I'm guessing. I deleted the app somehow by accident and, so it deleted all my account. Is it possible to get my old number back and with all the history/ messages/ contacts I had if I give the old number info. and the email that likely associated with it? I forgot the password is the reason why I couldn't try logging into it. Thanks.	feature request
Useless junk. Waste of my time.	irrelevant information
At first I love the app, because you could put different pictures on everybody's phone number. But as I had it for a little while they kept wanting me to reset my password I do it it go right back reset your password do it right back need to fix that.	bug report
great it really helps me when I don't have any actual phone company phone service atm	irrelevant information
I've always enjoyed GM and I particularly love the emoji. So many options to express oneself without saying a word.	irrelevant information
I can't add everyone I want	bug report
Once we got the hang of it, seems easy to use and reliable.	irrelevant information
Aacha hai but online option 🫤	irrelevant information
Im not sure if its just not compatible with my phone or what	bug report
Poor, drops in and out all the time.. when it works it works well	bug report
The app is useful. But not as useful like textnow	irrelevant information
If you clear the android info bar, it wipes out received texts.  They don't show up at all in the app after clearing them from info bar.  Not good folks.	bug report
Chats are disappearing and messages are not sending.	bug report
it keeps closing by itself	bug report
It's a great app to keep up with family and friends...	irrelevant information
the whole time you're trying to text with this app you keep getting pop ups that interfere we're seeing what you are texting my phone runs slow and freezes up a lot I give it a rating of two stars because it does work just not well at all	bug report
Very effective for communicating and sharing with groups of friends and family.	irrelevant information
The connection is weak	bug report
It was fine until the latest update...super slow and laggy now.	bug report
It's not the Best Service, But it is the Best Priced Service. TextNow Has been a Huge help with the Price of 'EVERYTHING' Going up through the Roof.	irrelevant information
The app showes everybody in the call and you are not able to see yourself properly, cause your window is very tiny. Rest quiet okay.	bug report
Hate this app.. due to corrupt backup, i lost all my chats. Uninstalling the app	bug report
I enjoy the app and i only have had one problem with downloading without going to browser and it crashing but other than that I really do enjoy the app and its got some very fun features that I find enjoyable keep up the good work i enjoy the app	irrelevant information
I get a friend or someone to call my number, and the phone does not ring. When they hang up, that's when it shows missed called, but it never rang for me to pick it up. Horrible. That is making me lose out on important phone calls.	bug report
Video quality is not the best. I use to love this app. Video quality was better than Whatsapp. It doesn't seem the same now.	bug report
I love Natalie Portman	irrelevant information
Sometimes my calls don't go through or texts but 75% of the time they do	bug report
Keep u in touch wit family	irrelevant information
New layout is way less user friendly and the video-calling background is not appealing in any way, shape, or form. Why can't I change the color? We want actual dark mode please. The buttons are also literally on top of eachother, so good luck if you don't have baby fingers. Discord thinks you want voice calling on phone by default. Occasionally, your screen go black for no reason. Optimization is extremely bad.	bug report
It doesn't even let me sign in! Letter doesn't show up when you type!	bug report
its not optimized, at least. this apps feels like is draining battery and resources like crazy. If you try to switch apps between a call, you'll probably notice what I'm saying. hope for a lighter version...	bug report
I cant find where to delete messages?	feature request
You can have signal on an android phone and an ipad pro but not on andriod phone and android tablet..... would give this 5 stars if could have on android phone AND android tablet.	feature request
Topping up Skype credit an absolute nightmare. I can never remember how to update card details and even an expert took ages to help me do this. and many other functions totally unintuitive !!	bug report
Was ok like 2 years ago smh but now its just Trash	bug report
It a good app but they gave me 501 it was 901	bug report
It was good at first but now I don't get quite a few calls and texts and I have a few friends who don't get my texts but I can call them and I used to get sign in codes for websites and now I don't I even paid for it a few months ago, maybe I have to pay again otherwise until a month ago it was a great app. A month later and it's getting worse it's freezing up and I constantly having to reload. The thing is that it's a great App but they got to fix some "Bugs" before I find something else	bug report
Seems like every update app is getting worse and worse, please bring back the old app layout, new one is really messy and uncomfortable	feature request
I like having a good backup #, this app works great	irrelevant information
The app is always crashing, it doesn't let me know when someone's calling, it doesn't let me make calls,and I'm constantly updating it just for it to still not work.	bug report
The new mobile UI is a significant step in the wrong direction. The old UI was simple, easy to use, and it was nice that it functionally worked just like the desktop app. Please reconsider this. Even reddit wasn't dumb to not give users an option to stay with their old UI.	feature request
Wifi signal should be good to use app.	irrelevant information
It used to work fine till few weeks ago. It's not sending or receiving messages when I'm off the wifi. I have a Android phone.	bug report
Very bad takes to long to send a text and doesn't make calls doesn't do much of anything	bug report
I wish that this does not use Wi-Fi	feature request
It's not working properly for some reason It's is taking so long to get it working 😫	bug report
Discord is great for communication, live calls, meetings, screen sharing, with a well organized interface that will make communication even easier. But it would not be the best software for file sharing, because of it's size per file limit when uploading.	feature request
The app is usually very reliable, but in the last week the app just closes every time I open it. I go to open up a message and I have seconds before it closes out. If I just have it sitting open on the messages page it will just close. Please fix it.	bug report
Works great I used it to text and call all my friends and family and yes always free and it sounds great the only problem I've had if that sometimes it freezes up and save TextNow is not responding. But I've been using this for years and the call always goes through and works great as long as I have a Wi-Fi connection	bug report
You should be able to change people's nickname on your account.	feature request
About nine ona ten scale	feature request
It's pretty terrible but I use it out of necessity.	irrelevant information
recycling my number everytime work on it and conversation connection is always in and out .	bug report
Awesome and Great App. So usefull. Totally changed Life. Thanx😊	irrelevant information
What happened? I had to re-install because it wouldn't open, and I have to refresh to receive messages. Please fix	bug report
Will not notify me any new messages	bug report
I had this before and it was pretty good I liked it. The annoying part was you had to use it alot or you would lose your phone number. So I pay the $2.99. I just paid $4.99 without reading it had changed. You get to keep the phone number but it has so many ads I think I'm going to start having seizures. To get rid of the ads you have to pay $9.99 A MONTH. I cannot recommend this.	bug report
Over all it's a functional app. It's very easy to use, and that is great for me.	irrelevant information
Hey recently have re-installed the signal and have chat backup. Now am unable to load chat backup in latest version and error is unable to load contacts with latest version. Any suggestion. Thanks in advance.	bug report
I like 👍 it, because, I video chat and play startrek command fleet with my alliance, just like the commercial	irrelevant information
very good group communication app. sometimes there are a few bugs so I can't give a 5 star, but still highly recommended. Especially since there is no cost to use or join. Sooo much better than group SMS	feature request
Stuck on connecting, tried everything. Doesn't work.	bug report
Absolute bias towards Israel	irrelevant information
Love discord, using it for a while now but the new update is buddy ash. Sending voice recordings is a pain, it continues to record even after sent sometimes the app just crashes all together which makes using the voice recording function pointless since I now have to waste an extra couple minutes to reboot app and record the same thing over only for it not work for another 3 or 4 times.	bug report
The best until SMS support stoped. Uninstalled. Cant have two apps doing the same thing.	bug report
With the removal of SMS fallback, most of my Signal-using contacts.....don't anymore. So thanks for that.	bug report
It can get annoying with your phone always blowing up	irrelevant information
My calls aren't going through, the only good thing about the app is I can still text	bug report
Horrible app. $5.00 and every number is unavailable. Waste of time, want a refund.	bug report
It's annoying but if I need this app for volleyball so 4stars	irrelevant information
99+ (not sure why you folks changed this...) I also have had issues with	bug report
Okay app. Great to be in touch with family. A few glitches.	irrelevant information
Very good in conversation	irrelevant information
GOAT for the longest time. Removal of SMS support means its now worthless for communicating with all but the smallest percentage of my contacts. Signal lived long enough to see itself become a villain.	feature request
I think safe morw then whatapp	irrelevant information
Hello what is the textnow logging out it self on my phone	bug report
Excellent, but you only have 1 hour to delete a message.	feature request
App won't let me message. I can call and see messages that come in but I can't type in the area that says type a message here. No keyboard pops up	bug report
Hide my information please	irrelevant information
I would give a 5 star BUT biggest issue is I can do the text message for GroupMe but can't use the GroupMe app or synchronize the app and text message....makes me feel left out	bug report
It helps me with my band experience	irrelevant information
Best app i love It.	irrelevant information
My calls are not working	bug report
Notification problem	bug report
best choice for privacy concerned people	irrelevant information
Please help phone number hacked	bug report
I started using Discord because it was different from other messaging apps, in an innovating and fresh way. With the latest update and the new theme Discord has lost all of its uniqueness, everything takes longer to do, DMs are annoying to get to and oh the lag, it's unbearable how sluggish it is compared to the snappy quick older versions.	feature request
Much better than in 2021 when I did my 1st review. Thank you for updating it. It functions so much more smoothly that we switched over from line app to discord for our game needs.	irrelevant information
Not allowing to post pictures and it's not allowing to re upload app.	bug report
😆 Not good and not bad 😆	irrelevant information
Good app but there are some bugs: Sometimes a contact won't load Sometimes the ad (under keyboard) will take me to random websites even tho i didnt click it AUTO CORRECT IS INSANE Thanks bye	bug report
This is a GREAT group messaging app! It has ALWAYS worked no matter what phone I happened to switch to!!	irrelevant information
Took away my ohone number without warning, displays it at the top of a list of free numbers, then claims it was taken the moment in between loading the list and claiming the number. Refreshing the list by closing and reopening the app, restarting my phone, etc, still shows my old number as free yet makes the same claim it "just got snatched up by another user." Clearly a scam. This used to be a decent texting app even though it was full of ads. Avoid or don't expect to actually use your number.	bug report
I want to give it five stars but now my skype calls gets hang , i cant press the call button to accept the call, and some times when i will pick call, its still ringing tone behind the call	bug report
Good app for communication. Crystal clear sound gives you pleasure experience of phone call.	irrelevant information
I like this app used to like it a whole lot more when it allowed regular sms	feature request
Satisfied	irrelevant information
Buttons won't work properly	bug report
The new UI is absolute garbage. Edit: I don't need a patronizing article explaining the changes. The changes are generally clunky and awful. I honestly cannot believe you thought this was good and released it into the wild... Edit 2: No I will not give you any further feedback or suggestions. You've ruined the UI and clearly you're set on keeping this garbage.	feature request
it's ok, wifi connection has to be perfect to make calls 😕	bug report
CANT CALL OUT	bug report
App is not functioning properly, kindly help me and fix the issues. Chat restore is not working.	bug report
Too many ads. To much space to download. Inappropriate ads. Please reply and subscribe to Evers palace on YouTube	irrelevant information
Great way to keep groups organized!	irrelevant information
Frequently it crashes and makes it's read only mode. Then have to re-install it to access the channels Have tried to restart the phone too. This issue has been since 7-8 months multiple times.	bug report
The app will NOT let me delete out going calls. This is frustrating because, i receive way to many robo calls. I call them back to remove my number and want to be able to delete them off the conversation list. Only outgoing calls, i get error message evey time.	bug report
family fun	irrelevant information
I like it, no complaints other than the fact it takes up a lot of storage but that's my fault I keep it because it's too good too delete.	irrelevant information
I think over all its an amazing app but I got a new phone today and I could not transfer it over without paying money.	feature request
Need to be able to have separate accounts. May lead to being a best phone company amongst others.	feature request
The newest update (as of Dec. 6, 2023) is absolutely awful. The UI is significantly less intuitive and harder to navigate. I also personally don't like the aesthetic of the new icons. Review will be improved if the UI changes are reverted.	feature request
Where is the search button please put it back. I cannot search for a discord group. It totally sucks that i have to start scrolling through the app to find a particular group. There was 5 primary icon at the bottom of the app now it's just 4, please put back the search 🔍 icon.	feature request
I enjoy with this game. We go to war with others team . The best part is no one's can not attack on our property. I give this game a 5 🌟.	irrelevant information
Way too many ads and they take over your typing area not letting you scroll to proofread what you've typed.	bug report
Good app for the most part reliable says free but they still try and suck money out of you	irrelevant information
Doesn't actually always make the call it claims it does. Also messages aren't always instant. Otherwise it would have 5 stars.	bug report
This app is awesome! The bad thing is it lags every now and then	bug report
This app didnt work and whoever decides to envite you on feels they can be rude disrespectful and block you whenever they want. But they can say and do what they want. Fake people. Were not down .	bug report
keeps dropping my calls	bug report
I only can say security even 2 step password is trash if u not be online for about a montg u get hack and hacker send too many links however ur friends not believe u hacked they all going to say its the person who got hacked fault.	bug report
Ed b che	irrelevant information
Didn't want to use it, but it's required by the team I'm on. Have found it useful and functional for our team's work.	irrelevant information
It works very well but omg the new layout is horrendous I can't keep track of anything	feature request
My skype credit for making phone calls disappeared. It's not inactive, it's gone.	bug report
It was GREAT before this last update... Now I hate it!!...	bug report
SOS 938 S 10th Street Coos Bay, Oregon 97420	irrelevant information
I had this video app years ago it was great no problems with it, but here and now I can't download the app	bug report
Please help. This app is constantly doing checks that I am human. Sometimes several times a day. Never had this issue before and I've been using this app for years. Just on a new phone now. It's so annoying and I'm scared I'm going to lose my account.	bug report
Loves the experience I just want you to add support for multi device login so I could use it on my other phones as well as this one	feature request
I am new to this but i am enjoying it...only thing tonight i had a few issues	bug report
if you fix a small bug thats causing me not to be able to subscribe to textfree plus i will change this 3 star to a 5 star your doing great keep it up	bug report
The current update is awful and extremely clunky to use. Didn't fix anything either.	feature request
Wonderful, useful app for directing multiple groups anywhere; through one seamless app! Never miss updates, team meetings, or important reminders! 👍 👏 😀	irrelevant information
Shittie whe I first it was ok, now calls are dropped or the other side can' t hear a dam this, changed my niend, don' t recomend this aap 0 stars!! Going back to boost mobill	bug report
I always get my messages	bug report
Boycat this app👿👿👿👿👿	irrelevant information
Please kindly stop the verification I can't talk to my friends now. thank you	bug report
when making phone calls there is horrible feedback. when the other person talks the can hear themselves as there voice is repeated during call. i advise bit too make a phone call because it's almost impossible to hear or be heard.	bug report
Won't let you sign in or use if you're outside United States even if you already PAID for it!, Useless if you're traveling!, This is unacceptable because I travel constantly for work and this app won't let you use it regardless if you're a paying customer, look for any other alternative, this is trash! Edit after deceloper response: You're LYING! I already emailed you at that address multiple times and you NEVER ANSWER! YOU DO NOT CARE ABOUT ANYONE WHO PAID FOR YOUR APP ! I recommend MyTello!	bug report
I have installed the app again, I have updated it to the latest version, I have restarted the phone, changed the network and I still have the forever connecting bug.	bug report
I like this app however when it goes to "choose your account " there isn't a way for me to do it and nomatter what I do there isn't a way for me to choose. I'm frustrated!	bug report
Very good condition	irrelevant information
Slow BOOTUP on New UI. UI Overhaul claimed the startup of the app would be faster. But it now takes 3-5 seconds to see a single message on launch.	bug report
Useless without sms support.	feature request
Manger assistance	irrelevant information
Primarily use the mobile app. It had its issues but the was vastly preferable to the new universal desktop format, specifically for emotes	feature request
An easy ,useful app ÷love love it	irrelevant information
The new discord is absolutely the worst it could have been Pretty much like insta and not as unique as it was Old discord was the best	feature request
Been using Discord for 8 years, one of the greatest apps I have ever used. But now I have to tell people to avoid it like the plague, not only because of its incredibly horrible and clunky UI, but because of private messaging system has now became completely privacy invasive. You can't even log into an account that you've had before without giving them personal private information. I got blocked out of my 8-year-old account just because I don't have a phone number that they want to use.	feature request
Just started. So far, so good. . .	irrelevant information
Fantastic 🌹 Never face any problem Alhamdolillah	irrelevant information
Been using app for several years. Surely beats "messaging" when communicating with a group.	irrelevant information
This app has been horrible lately. I've gotten messages hours after people sent them. Can never hear someone when they call.	bug report
Wayyy to many bugs and problems for almost the first few hours of the most recent update i cant even hear anything my friends or other people are saying This app still is amazing but Please fix all problems	bug report
The new hold verification SUCKS I can't get pass that they always try to update but end up ruining it five stars down	bug report
I gave this a 1 star cuz I tried to register but it says that the email is already registered but what difference does it make if I'm registered it's the same email it should just log me in pls discord fix this as it has given me frustration	bug report
Great app! Easy comucation	irrelevant information
I used signal for years and years & loved it but finally had to give it up. I couldn't send any attachments other than photos, no matter how small (eg, gifs). I also had to use other services for friends/family using iPhones bc their messages wouldnt come through reliably. It's a shame really.	feature request
Cant get it to open after new update	bug report
Can ya'll fix the bug that's making the app refresh or freeze whenever it's opened on a phone that has swipe gestures enable	bug report
The calling sucks and messages lag	bug report
Account not created	bug report
Calls are great:But it won't let me get verification codes unless I pay. How can I pay if I can't get the codes??	feature request
Just enough to get the chat done!	irrelevant information
can never add people or be added	bug report
I like how easy it is to upload videos on both desktop and mobile versions. This includes any shortcuts that Facebook messenger lacked. It feels faster and the UI is comprehensive without dumbing down stuff unnecessarily.	feature request
Great for free app, but since the new update the app crashes and I can no longer use my phone service.	bug report
It is just super reliable	irrelevant information
I can barely import the big files without it telling me meh meh you need nitro 😐😐😐 like do better. It's not fair	bug report
Sometimes the system won't let me upload pictures. I could be on Wi-Fi or regular data	bug report
This app is ok, I hate that you can't call with no WiFi, and there's also a lot of ads, but other than that, it's pretty much good	feature request
Won't load or open not good problem won't become fixed	bug report
Horrible I thought it would be offline and it isn't and it doesn't show me	bug report
Loved it,easy to use	irrelevant information
I do love this app because I use it a lot to chat with friends and I love the soundboard options and watching stuff as well. It's always a good time.	irrelevant information
thing in skype that option is provided in Windows but in actuality we need	feature request
Good but haven't got a message received from YouTube for my verification code	bug report
Great app for groups. Having all the comments in one place and being able to share ans comment is wonderful.	feature request
It works fine but constantly forces pint pintrest app to be downloaded. I've deleted it like 6 times in the 3 months I've had it. Getting annoying, thinking to delete app and swap to a less invasive app.	bug report
I requested for password reset and waited for the reset code to be sent to my phone number but nothing was sent. On the verification screen, there is a button that asked if I wanted to register with email instead, I then wanted to click the button but I noticed that I can't click it because the button is under my phone's bottom navigation bar. Please you guys need to do better	bug report
L is 99okn	feature request
I think it's great, I don't think I'll ever not use it but the quality of the updates keep going down. They completely changed the layout when it was unnecessary to change it at all. And I cannot change my email on my account at all because it sends a verification code I need to the email I can no longer access, I can't link my current email because it still needs my lost email to link my new one and personally I don't understand how on earth that makes any sense and it's really frustrating.	feature request
I have not recieved my sim card yet. How can I contact customer service?	bug report
It keeps loging me out	bug report
MAJOR BUG I cant listen to my music through my Bluetooth while scrolling through discord after latest update	bug report
People don't receive my text	bug report
Calls aren't that great! Always dropping calls	bug report
it is cool	irrelevant information
Latest upgrade destroyed the discord layout. Tedious way to search in channels, no option to search in forums, need to visit profile for checking the friends tab. Atleast give an option to your user to use rhe discord previous layout.	feature request
Or us ok however when I go to make/receive a call it atomiticly hangs up and there are to many adds. And I can't receive any of my passwords or any of my codes that I need so that need to fiX the app really good and when I go to dial a number it always says that this number is un available	bug report
Half the time the phone calls don't go through or it calls the person AGAIN while I'm trying to talk on the phone with them. There hasn't been a single call that the other person didn't complain they couldn't hear me or it sounded like I was "talking through a tunnel". I wish I could change the timestamps because it gets really confusing, and not that is the biggest deal but it'd be nice to be able to delete more than one conversation at once or personalize. I do like the fact that I can earn my minutes.	feature request
Signal being destroyed from the inside. So many years of good faith & spreading security practices will also now be destroyed as people move to something else. Gaslighting excuses do not fly. In IT we have SMS for all sorts of systems, alerts & processes. Have a package being delivered? A doctor's appointment? Government and service provider alerts? Make no mistake, long running message delivery delays is the reason to remove SMS support AND force app update, no other logical explanation. Shame.	bug report
This is one of best app so far. But now sometimes it keeps droping calls saying poor WIFI connection allthough i m standing next to my WIFI. Other than that It does what is says. Must download of you want to call your love one's in USA OR Canada for free	bug report
Bro- I just signed in and you already give me an somethings wrong I changed my email and you still show the same thing and lots of bugs that too...	bug report
Please fix bug the App is crashing	bug report
Fraudulent service. Was getting verification codes when I first got this service then all of a sudden without any notification whatsoever I am now forced to pay for verification codes. If this isn't changed I will be suing this company for blatant fraud and if need be I will file a class action with the state attorney general over this. This is not acceptable by any means. My evidence will be plastered all over social media and livestreamed for hundreds of thousands to see you committed fraud.	bug report
Can't leave and rejoin chat groups. Won't let me be invited either	bug report
It is a good app but recently the voice activity is not detecting me in voice chats and calls and I don't know why, I have tried everything fixing it even un-installing and re-installing but it still doesn't work. Push to talk works perfectly fine but I can't play games If I have to use it. I have also tried plugging a headset into my phone and still no. And my mic I'd not the issue as it works perfectly fine on apps like WhatsApp, Please Fix. (This is in all servers)	bug report
Great for privacy. Clean interface. Starting to get more friends to join. Bug: After opening Signal from a notification, a long pressed message will disappear instead of showing me the long press menu.	feature request
I don't know if I understand what this is all about because it sure isn't the same as the cafe from Hempire	irrelevant information
My network can't load voice notes and pfps	bug report
At first it was good As A Free Then They Stop	irrelevant information
Integrated requires cod grunt I don't solved this problem.	irrelevant information
Works well enough despite the ads	irrelevant information
I like this app but that's so lag 😕 why i don't know	feature request
It is kind of good just not for me sorry	irrelevant information
Fix the stupid log in system	bug report
Great App, but removal of SMS integration is going to cause me to delete the app and look elsewhere for another product. I know the reasoning you have given for its removal, but I want one App for messaging that includes SMS integration and your removal of that function means I am going to have to look elsewhere.	feature request
I'm changing my review down to 2 stars because I am never getting notifications for my chats and it is really annoying.	bug report
Never delayed messages no matter how many people and works way smother than regular text	feature request
Everything waa going fine til today my phine keeps saying this app has a virus	bug report
Its OK, it gets the job done. Free texts and 60mins for phone calls.	irrelevant information
This new ui design sucks so bad. Everything was done how it was. Why did it need to be changed, honestly just go back	feature request
I hate it on the first try I.didnt have minutes and u have.to pay for.minutes wath the............	bug report
Easy quick way to communicate	irrelevant information
Wrost app i m.a muslim i m uninstalling now this ap	irrelevant information
AWESOME. THANKS.	irrelevant information
Discord is good normally but recently it has been super buggy it constantly says that I'm connecting but it never connects and my internet is good so idk why this keeps happening	bug report
Not able to receive pictures, which really sucks.	bug report
Not much people are there in this wonderful platform.	irrelevant information
messages not sending and receiving in real time even tho no apparent wifi/connection issue?	bug report
Terrible new layout, no option to return to more natural layout or toggle. Been using since 2016. App breaks and is forced to be shut down and reopened on the fold 5. Prior I would rate 5 ⭐	bug report
Anybody else notice that these are not the same emojis? I hope that was just a temporary fix.	feature request
When I install Skype, it interferes with the phone calls and whenever I end the call it gives heavy beep sound. I have installed Skype lite and there is no issue with it. Please fix the beep issue, we have tested it with two different phones and experienced the same issue.	bug report
The new mobile design is horrendous	feature request
I like the new look on mobile devices. Plus, they even kept the swipe functionality to leave dms which makes it easier for someone as lazy as me who doesn't want to stretch across their phone to go back. 👍✅️💯	feature request
This app is frustrating as hell because it IS SO GOOD when it works. It keeps suddenly not delivering messages between me and my partner until they're back home and suddenly they all flood in. This was a problem for me months ago; I could only get their messages and send them when I was at home on the Wi-Fi, so I deleted the app. Just reinstalled and everything was fine until yesterday. It wouldn't be so bad if we had any idea or alert that our messages weren't going through. No idea for hours.	bug report
good connections safe &fast calling	irrelevant information
Love this private messenger. You can even edit your text after sending. Don't understand why people don't want privacy.	irrelevant information
slow performance	bug report
Closes all the time, and sometime wont open until the third time trying. Doesn't always refresh. Works when it wants to. Lots of bugs please fix DX2.2	bug report
App doesn't notify when messages are received and this app is basic used so people can cheat on their BF of GF not cool ohh that why u don't get notifications..ahhh I get it now	bug report
It's not FREE	irrelevant information
i like it too manyyy ads	irrelevant information
New ui. Need I say more at this point?	feature request
Pretty good. Easy to use.	irrelevant information
It would be better if I knew how to get to previous posts quickly	feature request
Very poor. I am very disappointed. I have looked my number till Sep23 and I am paying for the subscription every month. But, how is it possible that without any email and notification one day I found that my number is disabled and my TextNow account logout from my device. Moreover, there is no support email, there is no contact number available on their website, and there is no any help chat on their website. You can not even contact them for the service questions and solution of your problem.	bug report
Fix your UI, the changes were unnecessary and harmful to your user base.	feature request
The app ok	irrelevant information
Only complaint is too many ads that take up half the screen. Other than that, great app.	feature request
I don't receive notifications. It's been this way for months when are you guys going to fix this issue?	bug report
208.17 is faster than prev version	bug report
ok, yes you get a free number, yes you can text, but GOODLUCK MAKING OR RECIEVING PHONE CALLS. sometimes i get calls, but the big problem is when i try to call other people. total silence. no ring, no nothing. also be warned if you do the monthly 2.99 payments for unlimeted call/text, it still doesnt improved the calls. AND even when you cancel they will still charge your bank account for 2.99 and ignore any emails you have sent about canceling.	bug report
My family and really enjoy this app❤❤❤	irrelevant information
Dropped calls or can't hear other party	bug report
Changing my rate to 3 stars, after updating the app, it forced me to change my username (not the display name i always use), the numbers (i.e #5533) were way better and made the app unique, now you are making users fight for a username they wanted but they cant because someone else took it, i will change my rating if the numbers make a return next to our names again like it did a month ago	bug report
Who don't get me started with let's just say that because of this app nothing can ever happen to me	irrelevant information
The UI update has ruined years of muscle memory for me. Along with the awful UI update, AMOLED was never fixed to be true AMOLED, and the issues with scammers and generally awful people on their app has not ceased. Whatever Discord is trying to be, they're not trying very hard to change the way their app and their community functions and supports itself. Discord hasn't listened to any voices on any platform telling them that the choices they are making for the app are making the app worse.	feature request
Whoever made the decision to mess up the UI should be fired. Whoever made the decision to force the update through even when auto update is off needs to be jailed.	feature request
The only problem I have with it is, my phone has to be unlocked in order for my messages top come through.	bug report
New app interface is unfriendly, cant search for messages anymore and the app runs really poorly now. Previously free things now cost money and in general they are making mobile discord a lot harder to navigate. Old version was so much better and cleaner i dont know why they changed it	bug report
its okay not the best but its useable	irrelevant information
Good messaging app but would be better if there was a bubble notification on the icon to know of new messages	feature request
Good on one device but does not give the option to link to another device only transfer or restore account.	bug report
Tell me, who asked for the new UI? I know us users didn't. At least give us the option to go back ffs, and why crop the images sent? It was just fine before! Edit: You also have to reopen the app after sending a picture to see the new messages??? Just bring the old UI back	feature request
Its a great way to stay in touch with members of my kiddos school	irrelevant information
Good to use this App	irrelevant information
It's a fun app to talk to your friends but sometimes I got these invites that are Kinda not good for kids like girls showing They're private part and boys showing they're private part too so pls discord if you can fix this fix it	bug report
Is not intuitive or practical.. colors are distracting.. needs a lot more structure and a better design	feature request
I'm using it for a couple of month.And it crashes a lot of time,which is really disappointing.I always heard this app as a great application for commercial community as well as personal use.But using it personally,I don't feel pleased.Needs to improve a lot.	bug report
Free 2 me cant beat that. Jus gotta have wifi	irrelevant information
Bring back open links in apps please	feature request
The stark white theme is still an eyesore. There are a lot of updates but no description as to what is being improved upon. Is it really difficult to make the background darker? Even sepia would be better	feature request
I keep getting "pulled" to these cyber crime discord servers and then later I would just get an account warning and I'm genuinely confused on how I'm joining these servers without even being on for it.	bug report
Why is it essential to change my number EVERY week now I paid for features a few months and when I cancelled my plan you guys literally have FORCED me to keep paying y'all to have my same number I've had to change numbers because of your system 5 different times now it's so inconvenient to be told my number will be given away even though I text,call and use my number EVERYDAY. This app used to be really helpful and easy to use now it's just a useless cash grab to even USE the app	bug report
Crashin since the latest update :/ :sadface:	bug report
I enjoy using this app... I recommend it to others. I wish I could go back and see the phone numbers I put in as administrator or call directly when needed. Thanks for the service you provide.	feature request
removal of sms support is unbelievable to me. signal drops from my favorite app to 1 star and will probably be forgotten on my phone until I get a new one and forgets to install it again...	feature request
It's not letting me find my sports group, and every time I put in a school email, it just says there is nothing there. I need help.	bug report
Kinda can't send any pictures with the update	bug report
Edit: unable to delete account. Network error, its not.	bug report
everything good but question is how to change that (annoying) income call ringtone?	feature request
I really enjoy discord. Its good for chatting and playing games with friends on vc. But I tried to log into my account after accidently deleting the app, but it won't let me log in to the account.	bug report
Dropped from four to two stars because a recent update makes it really annoying and intrusive the way it pops up with messages. It's not overly friendly in terms of maximising the screen after and there are no obvious settings to remove the feature.	feature request
Not receiving automated texts from my bank	bug report
Because I talk to my friends and the thing is my 2 accounts got hacked and u can remove people from calls mute em record em and subtitles yes and there are hackers I get signed out because of these hackers and kartick ur right	bug report
it get stuck on me.. that I have to turn off and on just to go back in again . and still does the same and gets me out .. first no problem than all of a sudden it started to happen	bug report
PLEASE STOP REMINDING ME SINGAL NO LONGER SUPPORTS SMS. EVERY TIME I OPEN MY MESSAGES YOU REMIND ME.... I DON'T CARE! PLEASE LET ME DISABLE THIS ANNOYING NOTIFICATION!	feature request
International texts from Belize are blank	bug report
Been crashing lately please fix...	bug report
I love how we can ask for prayer and share good news with our sisters in Christ.	irrelevant information
Access snatched right off screen. Two cell phones down in the meanwhile... Wasnt counting on tablet..... Snatch... re dowload	bug report
Love discord never rated it but it was 5/5 now it's a 3/5 calls on the phone app disconnecting after 3 minutes is an issue when discord is temperamental and will drop calls randomly and there's a compiling error now so it'll random crash completely and it's been like that for months!	bug report
Dont have need to use it very often, but makes it simple and easy when I do	irrelevant information
Ultra rare error. What i know from that (ultra rare error) is that the discord and many other Web sites were banned from my location and some more Arabic cites and places, please look for that error and fix it, I have work on my discord account and I been using discord since it's came to our Devices and I have important flies and memories I don't want to loss. (I'm asking you nicely to fix the problem)	bug report
Great app, the worst thing about it is trying to get other people to use it	feature request
layout takes up the screen. (Put the call back in notification). Android	feature request
They're dropping sms support which means it won't be useful for me anymore. Not everyone I know uses signal and I'm not going to be switching between apps based on what messaging app everyone else uses. I wish everyone used signal but it's never going to happen, especially if you remove features that make it useful. This is a step backwards.	feature request
Don't use this app its stupid it won't let you get verification codes, it has way too many ads, and the quality is horrible	bug report
Ever since the latest update unable to make or receive calls. It showing I have no signal and no it's not my internet connection.	bug report
When this app actually works, it's great for making and receiving calls. But when it doesn't work, it will frustrated you to no end. On TWO completely different phones, I have had a glitch (recurring) where I cannot answer phone calls on this app. The phone will ring, I'll hit answer, it will act as if it has answered, but continue ringing, not allowing me to speak to whoever is on the other end. On my second phone, I absolutely cannot make calls with this app. the: ZTE Axon 7, LG V35 ThinQ	bug report
Since there doesn't seem to be any way to report a bug to the developers, I'm going to leave a bad review here in hopes they see it because this bug is actually bad enough to affect usability to a frustrating level. I am on a free plan and so I understand that ad support is necessary. My problem is that the full page ads don't seem to provide any way to close them. I've resorted to having to press the "square" button on my phone and forcibly close the TextNow app every time I get a full-screen ad. Please give me an "X" to get rid of the ad after a few seconds. Thank you!	feature request
Its always lagging and the people can't hear me or i can't hear them and it cuts out lots for voice calls	bug report
Doesn't notify me on my android. A waste of time.	bug report
bring back communication mode for voice channel	feature request
I can't log in on my new phone. At all.	bug report
Speaker remains always on during receiving calls. Though I manually turn it off everytime, it remains on as it is. Itz very disturbing and make me face uncomfortable situation. Still it is my fav one for voice/video calling over the Internet.	bug report
Barely works anymore	bug report
skype to skype so much noise freezes up voice issues. Some my do NOT to use skype anymore....been doing those things ever since THEY SOLD IT.	bug report
Sad now that I have no service to dial out or receive calls but texts go through. Was told I may have to delete for good	bug report
Invitation Not working	bug report
For a free phone app, its ok. A lot of the problems with this app is that calls get dropped or you don't see or hear a call coming in and it goes straight to voicemail. Also you get a lot of text with as and if you don't want the ads of course you have to pay for them. And it's not compatible for all phones which if it was compatible with all phones oh, I would give it five stars but it always claims that it is when it's not.	bug report
It keeps glitching and won't let me keep the app open no matter how many times I delete and reinstall. Just shuts down involuntarily. Please fix this	bug report
Works exactly as expected	irrelevant information
I used to love and appreciate this app for both business and common use. However it's now threatening to cut off ALL communication to all contacts that don't use their app. This exclusion is bullying and is unacceptable. Signal's decision is forcing myself and many others to leave and find a new platform.	feature request
Video call are not working anymore and the status keeps on changing even if i put myself in invisible after few minutes it will put me back to online.	bug report
The main issue I have with this app is it's hit or miss getting texts. Usually miss. Especially verification texts from a bank or PayPal which is definitely a problem. Yet I will get random wrong texts from people no problem which is insane. Doesn't matter if I'm on WiFi or using data this happens. Also call quality can be dreadful depending where you're standing. I usually have to move around to get a good single and people assume I'm on speaker.	bug report
A Great place to get to know like minded people.	irrelevant information
through when some one calls on my account	bug report
Really good app used it for 3 years now, it's just aggressive to use if texting, can't see what your texting for the pop up junk. Phone calls work real good.	feature request
I'd like it more if you could listen to audio files without downloading them, like how you can on PC.	feature request
I don't even knows how to add friends with	bug report
We should be able to change our backgrounds in the messages & use our own music for ring tones	feature request
Fixed some bugs and the app seem usable now, Nice Job 👍. But there's still minor bugs left and i still prefer the old version so 4stars for now.	feature request
Needlessly needing access to all of my personal information.	irrelevant information
Its okay. But please please do fix the time. I cant tell when my message was sent.	feature request
Bad, another app stealing my money without my permission. I don't want your stupid subscription for an app I have no interest in using anymore. I will be contacting support for a refund because this is unacceptable	bug report
Like the app but starting to have problems with screenshots not able to post them.	bug report
I switched phone numbers and now I can't log in to groupme because it keeps sending the pin to my old phone number. Why won't it send to my email? There needs to be a way to work around this.	feature request
freezes works bad	bug report
I don't see no one don't know how to use app and it's always blank no one to meet	bug report
Most of the time can't make phone calls.	bug report
I am not able to blur my video background	bug report
I just signed up last night and I have gotten over 7 spam calls and its only noon! Scam app!	bug report
having problems putting signal on my home screen	bug report
Can this one be .... Together. Stronger and tougher, I love it!!!	irrelevant information
Notifications don't make sound. I checked all app and OS settings.	bug report
Hated it	irrelevant information
it keeps crashing was just working fine now it keeps crashing.... i reinstalled still not working... HELPPP ME	bug report
I been usin pinger for years, but I dont like to refresh to get a text reply but other then that its cool app	feature request
Can't search. No read receipts for messages. Never know where you read up to. New messages aren't obvious. Can't select or copy text.	bug report
For sometimes now the app isn't working, only to call. No text is coming	bug report
For the first two weeks this app was fine but now it's starting to have problems with the connection like the phone keeps breaking up and the worst part of all is you're able to watch videos to get more free minutes but now it no longer allows me to watch videos. At first I was extremely limited to how many videos I was able to watch for minutes but now it won't let me watch any at all and I've tried several times a day every single day for the past week, it's forcing me to pay for minutes now.	bug report
Does not act like a real #	irrelevant information
Restore Discord, The new update is garbage🤬👊👊👊👊	feature request
The screen just greyed out and the wheel kept spinning. I uninstalled and reinstalled with no change of results.	bug report
Flooded with unnecessary changes	feature request
I love Discord. I use it almost exclusively to communicate with my friends. But this new mobile update is the worst. It is incredibly glitchy. I have messages that got deleted the moment I hit send. My DMs keep jumping up to older messages no matter how many times I mark them as read. And the new UI is a pain. I still haven't figured out how to view the members in a server and who's online. I'll be uninstalling until it's fixed.	bug report
Not a fan of the new update. The fact I have to click through multiple screens to get to the server I'm typically on when I used to be able to swipe and see everything on mobile is really frustrating. It also makes it harder for me to keep track of notifications because I have to go to the new homepage(?) to see the list at the bottom and hope I see the blue dot. Maybe this is good for people on a ton of servers, but it's not working for me. Looking for any way to undo the update.	feature request
Honestly this app sucks I'm just using it to get 100 robux	irrelevant information
I like it, clear calls, only draw back is that it doesn't allow for long conversations, 30mins per call, so after ever 30mins it just cuts off.	bug report
Needs more notification preferences. I don't want notifications when someone changes their name or leaves the group.	feature request
They changed the layout from easy, fast and convenient to navigate into something inconvenient and horribly ugly. Please revert or we will find alternatives to Discord.	feature request
Good way to keep a group informed, still a little clunky in its formatting	irrelevant information
Best there is for encrypted private messaging	irrelevant information
It won't let me answer a call I've uninstalled and installed again it sucks	bug report
most excellent free phone service. My only complaint is the sound is too low. I tried to adjust it to no avail. but like I said it is an amazing free phone service.	feature request
fixed. Thank you.	irrelevant information
calling sucks and the texing is so slllllloooooowwwwwww	bug report
My notifications are turned on. Why don't I get notifications on my Android phone when a friend messages me? I've been having to log in on my computer to check messages unless I start a conversation on my phone. The messages I send and receive on my computer never show up on my phone. Please fix this.	bug report
Way to many scammers it's really bad	bug report
I dropped rate to 2 cuz that's baddest style I have ever seen I wish the old style back	feature request
It ok. The quality of the calls vary from good to very spotty. The texting is ok. But sometimes the pop ups disrupt the texts. But again it's ok for a free app. Can't really complain	bug report
The interface is extremely hard to use. I'm a long time user and it used to be easy. When a call comes it is difficult to answer . There seems to be a delay in notification and 50% of calls are dropped unless I can see the call coming in. The integration with contacts doesnt work and there is no help. Basically it does less than it used to .	bug report
You is ugly	irrelevant information
Number change without notice	bug report
excellent back-up number.	irrelevant information
Communicating w family	irrelevant information
I don't know how to use it so bye	irrelevant information
Excellent 👌 I really like the organisation and apps..	irrelevant information
DO NOT GET A SIM CARD FROM THEM IT WON'T WORK AND YOU CAN'T GET YOUR MONEY BACK	bug report
It serves a purpose.	irrelevant information
press n hold all the time	bug report
It says it found something out of the normal or something???	irrelevant information
is not free you have to pay for international calls	irrelevant information
All the negative reviews are true. I myself have been using Skype for almost two years now but I haven't seen any improvements at all. Clicking on things ang loading conversations takes 5 seconds or more, and I'm not even exaggerating. If anything, all they did was change the app's look a little for aesthetics. Talk about priorities and competent management.	bug report
This app is the worst talking app ever! I cant even upload it to my phone!! Ive been sitting here for 2 or 3 minits waiting. No one upload this app!	bug report
Wow this update is bad, extra steps for reading messages and can't see who's in a server. Feed scrolls up every time.	feature request
If u have too many group.too limited	bug report
Horrible too many ads! BUT does gelp	feature request
This app is so nice	irrelevant information
didn't like the new format. also it has become a bit buggy and lagging sometimes	bug report
Loved the app until I just got the notice that they are removing sms support. Unless they decide to reverse that decision, the app is as good as dead.	feature request
Works for text. Ending calls doesn't work, I have to restart my phone just to end a call.	bug report
Good better version of what's app	irrelevant information
Clear subscription cancel subscription	irrelevant information
Reliable and fast.	irrelevant information
Was great, I signed up for the subscription, but then when I realized it was WEEKLY!?! Is there not a choice for monthly?	feature request
How l beach coming	irrelevant information
This app is great. Sometimes its alittle slow but all i have to do is leave and come back. Also the calling miniuts is alittle off but thats is 100% ok	feature request
Great free text and calling but in past days your text and call log is not showing the option to delete call bistory at all please fix its like glitch bad your app not my phone	bug report
Yes easy to login and use and convenient compare to other websites informative completable	irrelevant information
It's awful that there's no easy way to delete old threads, or an easy way to find out how to do it. No instructions, I hate having to see conversation threads from yerad ago and to have to scroll through them to find others I want to keep and review later. How do you delete old conversations?!?	feature request
Skip and echos all the time	bug report
The app keeps freezing and restarting I am not able to text now and then. It used to be great now it keeps stalling	bug report
Search function is absolutely abysmal	bug report
Great app. Use several times each week to connect with a group of friends and family. Does a great job. 👍	irrelevant information
Good Wi-Fi calling and text app and good prices on plans	irrelevant information
It keeps asking me to sign in for parental reasons, over and over again this app sucks	bug report
Isok for chatting on pictures	irrelevant information
this app is usually good, but whenever i try to call someone, it doesn't work. the green top for calls only says "connecting" anymore.	bug report
This app sucks you can't even do anything without them telling you to buy their plan that is like $10	bug report
I paid for it so I could use the security code. Now it won't stop taking money from me I can't cancel the subscription	bug report
Amazing app I have no complaints	irrelevant information
I can send pictures to other people but for some reason I cannot receive any pictures from my friends even when they have the link.	bug report
than a simple messaging system. Hey dumbass designer, if you have something	irrelevant information
In this app there is many things in which needed to be upgrade -No option for Pin Up the msg or that entire conversation. (we want to save our conversation bt in this we cant) Also thr should be an option to send or save it in Our Google Drive Account or other app. Getting hang many times,taking so much time to reach perticular msg	bug report
Perfect in all aspects. Especially security is so good	irrelevant information
Messages won't load. App glitches when trying to make a new chat.	bug report
and I totally forget about the app so wgen imI remember that "oh my	irrelevant information
It started off great, but lately I don't get notification until hours later. Most of the time I am on WiFi and once I switch to 4g is when the notifications come through.	bug report
Its pathetic!!! 😤notification is not coming on time even if it notification setting is on its tooo irritating thing that makes more communication gapss it more hours than actual messages plzz try to resolve that first of all	bug report
With dropping SMS, I no longer have a one stop shop for both my secure and insecure messages, and that is a massive pain, and problem. I can't make everyone I know use Signal so if I wanted to keep using it, I'd have to juggle another messaging app, which I am not up for. Ugh.	feature request
Was great till 12/6/2023, opening different channels just changes the header not the content. Hard restarts constantly, the version from 12/13 seems to have fixed the issues , note this was on a pixel 7 pro and current factory build	bug report
After a few weeks I had it and used it the app logged me out and I remembered my email. But forgot my password and when I'd try and reset my password it wouldn't let me reset my password	bug report
Way to many ads, and then there's more ads, can't forget the most loved auto playing ads. Voice calls are HORRIBLE ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. If you can look past the ads and HORRIBLE VOICE it's ok for texting but not for a confirmation texts. I would rate higher if it could do confirmation text. It's ok if you don't have phone service. Disappointing	bug report
Made me constantly change my phone number	bug report
fun but can't solve the Rolex submission	irrelevant information
The newest update really stinks. From a consumer point of view, needing to click multiple times to leave a message, then to click over onto "servers" and then have to click back twice AGAIN to be able to see the list of servers I am in, when in the previous version it was two clicks maximum, is ridiculous. The new layouts are frustrating. "Midnight" is just #ffffff text on #000000 backgrounds, which strains the eyes. The "dark" theme, instead of a simple grey, is a saturated dark blue! What!	feature request
I don't know what's wrong with Discord phone number verification these days. When I send in my real phone number then I get the code when I past the real code of the phone number it's says it's an invalid code. Discord is horrible and lazy to fix it's bugs	bug report
So far it is really working out good for our group and I learned to be able to connect with this group through this app	irrelevant information
Not sure of this app	irrelevant information
I like the fact that's it's free talk an free text	irrelevant information
Service sucks slow and it freezes	bug report
IS great	irrelevant information
this app is horible never ever get it always say that whoops something dident go through	bug report
The only messenger people should be using.	irrelevant information
It's used to work great but after the update I can't receive texts from only one person and I don't know why.	bug report
Could not use the phone	bug report
The app is great for normal video chat but screen sharing is a little bit buggy and also it would be better if it would have End to End encryption in the chats by default	feature request
I use to get a lot of work done on Skype now I'm moving over to #Slack	irrelevant information
its a good app but recently i cant make calls and somtimes wen i get a text message it doesn't ring	bug report
New UI :(	feature request
Good communication tool for groups!	irrelevant information
I love this app. But can't bring old android sms to latest version. Ridiculous!	feature request
Great app kudos to the developers	irrelevant information
It's a handy way to have a backup phone line, except now it's ruined because you now have to pay to receive text verification codes	bug report
Only drawback is having to confirm pin number at all.	feature request
As someone else stated below, every time I log on I am assignedigned a new number. The number is unusable. I'm in the UK right now. Don't know if that is why. Useless at the moment though.	bug report
pretty good app only sometimes you can talk to someone through a call cuz I can't hear you or you can't hear them or your text isn't going through even though you got five bars of internet that's why I only put four stars other than that it's a pretty good app	bug report
Ok not enough minuets	bug report
Much better than WhatsApp and has a much higher privacy standard.	irrelevant information
Great for big group communication	irrelevant information
Buggy and crashes for the sake of it.	bug report
Superb ! truly privacy centric messaging app !	irrelevant information
I just hope the new numbers come back in recently none had once came in you guys should be making more numbers.	feature request
I believe your application may have a or what I call the Jim carrey had alert me of a minion and or virus and or virus	bug report
Texting OK	irrelevant information
It won't let me call anyone in my area. If you could fix it that would be great.	bug report
Works well about 85% of the time..... sometimes will not send my messages, but that could possibly be from my own connection. I do use it all the time though :-)	bug report
It's a fun place tbh	irrelevant information
Highly Recommended!	irrelevant information
App is easy to use. Only downside is you cannot delete chats. They stay on your GroupMe account forever.	feature request
Hi, my Signal App is malfunction today.	bug report
Calls are very clear	irrelevant information
Nice app but same number is coming back please fix it	bug report
Terrible notification coding. Messages particularly of private conversations successfully generate an app push notification less than 50% of the time, requiring active checking of new messages constantly.	bug report
Everytime i open the app it closes on its own .. really annoying	bug report
Very easy	bug report
It is way to cumbersome to set a silent notification tone for certain chats	feature request
Well worth the fee to get rid of the annoying adds	irrelevant information
As usual, Microsoft products. I added money to make a call. It made me jump through so many hoops but i was never able to make a call and money disappeared.	bug report
Bad intersection for phone call. Lots of echoes and delays	bug report
It's great for call but for texting is terrible, the speed for sending messages and loading stickersis is very slow...	bug report
It's the most amazing thing I have ever used in my life... You can do anything on discord with friends...	irrelevant information
Becayse i cnt call speak or talk anymore	bug report
why can't I open the app anymore it just crashes instantly	bug report
Great social app for getting it touch with family and friends	irrelevant information
Not letting me call out when I have service	bug report
It's a really good app but I have looked up how to browse public servers and I can't find the answers and that why I gave it 4 stars without that it would be 5.	feature request
I am having problem in skype any kind of link to open	bug report
Works fine when connected to wifi an also no connection with out wifi.	bug report
calls drop, quality not good, an the pics want come thru.	bug report
There is a login problem inside this app. I request you to please fix this problem.	bug report
Overall a fine app - but recently did an update. Now the top overlaps with my notification bar, the bottom also, and then I can't use the react emoji selector properly. Too many issues.	bug report
SMS support is going away?	feature request
I'm sorry..i updated again.. The bug is really annoying!! ------------------------------------------------- I really enjoy using this app. Especially for my Data Community. But, sorry for updating the stars. Because..there's a bug. Sometimes I got stuck and can't reply or mention.	feature request
Rather underwhelmed. Notices only go off when the app is open on a specific person. Functionality is clunky.camera functions are always turning the flash on	bug report
My current experience is good, UI is compact and easy.	irrelevant information
me. I like skype a lot, but its getting worse every time and its barely	bug report
Its goot but it wont let me call anymore and i have minutes	bug report
I'm a college student, and I use Discord to communicate with my peers in so many classes. But now I have to find another app to talk to my peers because the app has been so glitchy that I can't go into my groups or message my friends. I've been on Discord since 2016... and this honestly upsets me	bug report
Frequent problems when using on iPhone, but works fine on Android tablet.	bug report
Every time I try to sign up it says to connect with Facebook but I don't have a Facebook or want one	bug report
Why the app does not ring	bug report
It's a good app for the most part. I've noticed like one flaw. My biggest problem with this app is that I've been trying to send verification codes to my number, it will send me an error message. The message states that I need to upgrade my account and pay money to be able to see the verification code. It's a really good app that is for the most part free unless you want to buy a sim card off if the app or if you want to upgrade the app to see confirmation codes that come via text message.	bug report
Not able to send messages from app.	bug report
Easy to use and more secure than conventional text apps.	irrelevant information
I have changed all settings and I do not get notifications!!	bug report
I can't log in! Why? It refuses to use my Google log in. I can't log in to my account any other way! Neither the website nor the app is working for Google login.	bug report
Don't install this app it makes you watch videos to get talk minutes	irrelevant information
Seems to drop calls alot but i still like	bug report
I keep having to re -download this stupid app.. works better on computer.	bug report
The application is good in itself, but the new Layout is very difficult for me to use, I don't like it at all...as a recommendation they should put an option so that the user can change their comfort.	feature request
Screen sharing not working well	bug report
Ive used this app nearly daily since 2021 and loved the layout, it works fine but its a really ugly and a hassle to use now😭	feature request
THE NEW UPDATE SUCKS, STOP CHANGING STUFF FOR THE SAKE OF CHANGING IT FOR CHRIST'S SAKE🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️	feature request
I feel tgatvwe should be able to delete people from contacts. I had a whole bunch of people added to my contacts that I didn't know but also that I don't want. There should be a mass delete button for us to remove people that we do not want while we keep the ones that we do.	feature request
I use it rarely... it was a problem when I used a new device... but was a security measure... I got it. so far, so good.	irrelevant information
Secure an i dont feel like someones constantly listening or watching my messages	irrelevant information
Ok services can not delete more than 4 conversations per day on my Galaxy A32	bug report
Not bad just wish it could use ur old acc. as well as the new and save all #'s	feature request
Smooth messaging app. Works great, no 8ssues with photos or calls.	irrelevant information
I like using it. I like that it's secure and I can communicate with my friends from overseas.	irrelevant information
It's not really free	irrelevant information
Really useful for a second number.	irrelevant information
The entire user experience has been made objectively worse and frustrating to use in the name of trying to look like every other mobile app. Do not bother using this until they add the old UI back, just stay on desktop.	feature request
Nice app I love it, there should be a of making messages disappear after 24 hours	feature request
This kind of best i use this sometimes	irrelevant information
again once this is fixed.	bug report
If it's "unlimited talk time" you shouldn't have to purchase minutes.	feature request
Please donate and boycott WhatsApp..., awesome app	irrelevant information
Sometimes not able to pull up pictures	bug report
My disc won't let me send pictures in general..screw up	bug report
It helped	irrelevant information
It's fairly easy and consistent. Occasional glitches stop me from being able to post to a group sometimes. But mostly ok.	bug report
Impressed by the vision to offer a non-commercial and therefor truly safe messenger!	irrelevant information
It is very helpful I have experienced some calls where I couldn't hear the person on the other end but besides that it is an amazing app for people who don't like paying for phone service	feature request
Can't login.	bug report
Used to work now it just won't stop saying I've lost my number I'm reinstalling it so it might chamge	bug report
Ok it will do whatever I need to do	irrelevant information
Ehh it's another messaging app.	irrelevant information
This app is awful! Most of the calls I made, the person couldn't hear me or it would randomly drop the call. I hate it and don't recommend installing it.	bug report
Can't send text messages. Every time I pick a number and I attempt to send a message it says my chosen number is expired.	bug report
Minor overall complaint concerning managing the address book: some right-click options would be nice. Also, I ended up with 2 separate accounts: one for my username, and one for my email address. But Skype on my W10 laptop has been terribly unreliable...	feature request
It's a great app to connect with people and share dark memes, but sometimes it's a little slow when I'm not constantly on it. 100% Recommend tho	irrelevant information
This app was really good but than just stopped working I can receive calls but I can't get into the app	bug report
Messaging works very well, and calls did as well at first. It slowed my phone down and now it will say that call is being made but it never rings and there's no dial tone.	bug report
Just got it and it wont even let me into the app. It just puts me on a white screen and sits there.	bug report
Needs more security	feature request
I do alot of texting so for some reason it keeps blocking my outgoing text messages	bug report
minor issue but currently, I can't click on bio links in mobile but it works fine on desktop. this only started a couple of weeks ago but it is very frustrating. other than that, I'm relatively content with this app and discord as a whole	bug report
Improve this verison	irrelevant information
Stories, really. Dont be facebook twitter samsung iphone and all that garbage. Make it optional to disable features. I hate extra $h!+ bogging my day.	irrelevant information
its good but glichy	bug report
I got baited into downloading this app and as a means of getting my phone number and personal information. I was in the hopes of joining a eco-friendly group but it's actually a FBI operated group for union busting	irrelevant information
On my UI 5 android 13 devices it seems to work fine.	irrelevant information
I should be the only one swing my information	bug report
I love the new uldate. The interface looks really really beautiful now. 🔥	irrelevant information
Love everything about this app except I can't see if the other person saw my message or not. This is must for social media apps. Please consider adding this option.	feature request
I receive the notification and pop up for a group message that i was put in but when i try to actually go look at it its not showing up in my messages. It even shows that i have unread messages iust cant see them. 😣	bug report
All an all, I find out another brick I. The wall	irrelevant information
back ?!	bug report
I was locked out of Skype	bug report
Very  bad the day Microsoft  purchased Skype they are just going below the quality  Skype  was better in 2010 rather concentrating  on user interfaces  they should look into the functionality and speed	bug report
I really like the app the problem i can't log in even my password is correct but says login or password is invalid can you fix this bug i can't log in	bug report
Absolutely God awful, notifications work about 20% of the time, if you're lucky. Messages sometimes don't send, and there's no encryption whatsoever, the only reason I even have this is because of a group chat for work, if I could convince them to use something else, I would.	bug report
Nah man people are a bit too mean discord come in man I know you can do better also please tell me why is iT LIKE. PEOPLE ASKED MY REAL AGE I THINKED FAST BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT TO GET SWEARED AT I WAS SUPPOSED TO TYPE 13 INSTEAD 10 I GOT INSTANTLY BANNED WHAT THE HELL MAN	bug report
Can't verify my number at all, always changes to +1 from my country code, limit exceeded? WTH?	bug report
Went from being my favorite to most of my friends who used it uninstalling it after they stopped sending to SMS. Now, it won't open, just sits at the load up screen, and if I send a picture or something directly, it takes more than one try for it actually to go through. And who cares about the "story" function? This is FB messenger.	bug report
Calling contact is very difficult. The knob is not always working and too small.	bug report
It works but barley, videos sometimes don't work and it's really buggy/laggy compared to other apps	bug report
You deserve ZERO stars. Blocking verification codes just so you can FORCE people to sign. Up for the $10 a month plan? ThaT is dirty and underhanded! I will Uninstaller the app b4 I give In to your BLACKMAIL!!!!	bug report
I lost my phone then when i got it back the app told me to log in or sign up and I tried to log in but is said "try agin later" so I did and it still didnt work	bug report
Was great, easy to navigate, latest update changed the whole layout and it's a pain to navigate server rooms, I'd roll it back if I had the option	feature request
Keeps saying "connecting" with a full bar smh	bug report
Please just listen to the people who use your help for once, and for God's sakes, just at least give us an option to change it back to the old UI.	feature request
The app has worked for me for awhile, but something's happened. Earlier, whenever I attempted to sign in, an error message pops up stating it "could not access database" or something of the like. However, now, I will sign in and nothing will happen. It will load for ages, but that's all. I've tried exiting and entering, but it disconnects me saying that an error happened when logging in...help?	bug report
I hate this app it's not letting me type the full number only 502 and that's all, ugh not a great app, delete if you installed it and don't get if you see this 🙄🙄🙄😠😠😠😠😠😡😡👿👿😈😈😈👿👿👿👿👿😈😈😈😈👿👿👿👿👿👿and if it works then good for U 🙄🙄🙄🙃😒😒😒. Please fix this😭😭😭😭😣😣😣😤😤😤😷😷😷🤬	bug report
Crazy if you keep calling someone repeatedly trying to reach them it blocks you from calling and receiving calls due to unusual calling. SOMETIMES ITS AN EMERGENCY AND SOMEONE MIGHT BE ASLEEP IDIOTS !! COME ON NOW. USE TO BE 5 STAR UNTIL NOW.	bug report
Until I've used this did not happen. First off it just doesn't work. It won't make calls unless you try repeatedly. When you're finally connected it will soon drop. If somehow you connect you won't hear each other, and then it will drop. Beyond that it has disconnected my internet. I've tested 3 different wifi and each time it will read connected with no internet until i turn it off and back on. This is my emergency backup and it needs to work. My wifi and phone are top of the line. Junk app	bug report
Cannot share files!!!	bug report
Whenever I log out it says I need to change the time on my device. I continue to do this but I don't know what's happening....	bug report
So far ok but lots of scammers allowed , nothing done to prevent scammers	bug report
Extraordinarily clumsy software. Particularly when linking to a pc. Won't load history. Needs reinstalling every few weeks, seems to forget devices after 2 weeks break, won't reconnect, has to start over. Really very annoying. WhatsApp is far far slicker. If WhatsApp can do these things effortlessly why can't signal?	bug report
I'd give discord a 1 star review if it wasn't for how impressive it is that it manages to somehow get worse with every update.	feature request
I had this app for a while now n wasn't acting up now all of a sudden it keeps login me out n not letting me login	bug report
Fun app that lets people stay connected.	irrelevant information
Busy& I'm pleased with this.thanx	irrelevant information
My account is hacked	bug report
I've had discord for a few years now without any issues, but lately it's been having this weird glitch where all but one of my channels in a group chat will randomly disappear. No one else in the chat has this issue, and I still get their notifications for those channels, but I can't respond and the channel disappears again when I exit out. The only way I've found to "fix" this is to uninstall and redownload the app, which I've had to do twice now.	bug report
I really like the app they try their best	irrelevant information
of the app to look at something else your device while talking on Skype.	feature request
This the best app ever very good and fast in talking with friends.I love it so much	irrelevant information
I had not but used it once or twice and later that day they disabled my account.	bug report
Very fun app to chat on with friends. 10/10	irrelevant information
Terrible. Keeps saying ill getan email to reset my password and I've been waiting for 2 weeks to get an email.	bug report
I keep getting spamed by random women who ask for money who claim to be in my area.	bug report
It says I need to update in order to send messages/make calls but there's no 'update' option anywhere. Frustrating!	bug report
There is lot of bug like main one confirm code note received	bug report
I can't get in to this app it will not stop loading, very upsetting.	bug report
Since the last few updates it became very slow. Changing channels or between dms takes about 5-10seconds when you are lucky. Else it just diesnt want to change at all. The search function isnt working properly and also muted channels now give notifications. Edit: now it crashes every 5minutes	bug report
Good second phone when you definitely need it so when you have two numbers like I do one for business and one for your personal cell phone best thing you can do business and still use your personal cell phone for your family and your best thing definitely worth sometimes your number advantages but you can also go back in and pay for 99 and lockdown a actual number you don't have to worry about losing instead of spending 699 a week and locking in your number for good or pay for 99 for the entire	irrelevant information
Paying weekly for service without an account	irrelevant information
this is a good app for texting... functions fine.	irrelevant information
it has improved so far..	irrelevant information
Its cool just as good as the rest if not better.that was my review from 8 -18 i just checked it out for a friend and its still better than the rest if i need it this is where id go .recommended definitely	irrelevant information
absolute lagging mess, it's actually incredible how every update manages to get worse than the previous version	bug report
Need to upgrade for verification codes	feature request
Better than the pc and website version. Since you can get the free trial discord nitro using the e-wallet you have in your country while not having paypal or credit card thing. Only one downside is that you can't even play the MP3s properly. Instead you just downloaded them.	feature request
Does not block or report spam.	irrelevant information
A decent app to use. A lot of ads but I understand to keep it free. I don't like using the calling option just because reception is usually bad as well as a lot of dropped calls. I use it basically everyday except for weekends just for work so I'm not having to give out my personal phone number. I used this app a long time ago when all I had was an ipod as a teenager so it hasn't changed too much just the increase in ads and somehow reception has gotten worse.	irrelevant information
This app is awesome and would give it a 5 star rating if I didn't have 1 problem with the number pad. The number pad does not work when in call and have to use number pad for ex. number. When I try to use this it continues to make a buzz noise and won't stop?	feature request
Don't bother if you're using for phone verification...makes you subscribe	bug report
It was a laggy uncomfortable experience.	bug report
Good app for free global calls.The voice quality is clear.I've been using for many years.	irrelevant information
Could you guys fix the mic issue? My mic doesn't seem to work when i speak with a friend in a call.	bug report
It was good to chat	irrelevant information
It's a good app although the video player is not that good.	feature request
works fine for me. I do not always get notifications when there is a new text. besides that it is great.	bug report
The latest update had made the app significantly laggy as compared to previously. Also the separation of messages and servers from the left tab has made the overall experience even worse.	bug report
continue great work	feature request
The app was very good imo, but when they changed the mobile layout it became trash. It's very different and hard to get used to. It also lags very bad everytime I try to switch channels.	feature request
Getting rid of SMS, which let this be a one stop shop for messaging. Without it, this is just a worse Whatsapp. No longer recommending to friends and family, and moving to something else	feature request
new UI is terrible, why change something that doesn't have to be changed? there's nothing wrong with the old one so why change it?	feature request
I have been trying for the last 3 days to register... It keep giving me the check network error. I have try every single trick and nothing.	bug report
Only to download map and travel.	irrelevant information
I give this a two star rating because I could text but I couldnt call. I tried everything to call but I couldn't. I had internet, I kept resetting the settings, and I kept reloading the page. Nothing worked and during one of these times it was an emergency. Please fix this immediately!	bug report
Discord doesnt want to upload anything anymore it doesnt load the galary if i click on an loaded file it doesnt show me i can even send it it only says its selected. I have good wifi,storage i have cleaned the cash storage of discord many times my mobile is fast enough No new update fixes the issue	bug report
This app makes your phone have a virus	bug report
This app thinks my area code doesn't exist and I have been issuing this	bug report
It's cool to chat with this app,but unfortunately I haven't been able to take calls From friend but I can call em ,you need to resolve that issues please	bug report
Or you have to buy them. It is 2 dollars for 100. And 10 dollars for 400.	irrelevant information
So I can't add bots in my server I tried but nothing seems to work you may fix it	bug report
Always comes in handy!	irrelevant information
the new UI, God help us	feature request
Pre overhaul there were no complaints from me. Now it's a slow buggy and clunky mess with a HORRIBLE UI	feature request
Broke with an update.... Are these guys the worst programmers in the world?	bug report
Discord is so good application to talk to friends and I am using discord 1 year and also I get 2 badges on discord	irrelevant information
I'm really tired of my apps updating and entirely changing. Today's mobile discord update looks horrible and I actively took steps to reverse it!	feature request
So many noise in audio call, network issues detected, when downloaded a video recording file can not seen as a full screen file. Aspect ratio issue. Please Fix this problems.	bug report
Fix what you broke!!! Was working great then the last update broke it now takes 10+ hours for my messages to go through. Time to find another app.	bug report
It's ok no complaints I promise IT SUCKS I CANT DO ANYTHING AT ALL FIX THIS TOOK UP SO MUCH SPACE ANNOYING >:(	bug report
Can't find specific people and vice versa. I only use this for work contacts otherwise. Bricked the app to maintain my contacts privacy.	bug report
It keeps logging me out. I used this app for several years. This really upsets me.	bug report
Always reliable and solid when relied upon	irrelevant information
It's not as good as Telegram, but this is the app my boss chose for company communications. Also, Groupme looks a lot like Gropeme. Just sayin.	irrelevant information
discord was so easy to use before the update, now the new one makes it less easier and just more complicated... The new update also have more glitches and discord just couldn't stop glitching. it even caused my phone to be laggy. please fix this.	bug report
So far I have enjoyed the experience ☺️	irrelevant information
Video call doesnt work half the time	bug report
It's ok but not fire	irrelevant information
Awesome easy to.uplpad, and begin using immediately!!	irrelevant information
OH MY GOSH How TO DO THE VERIFICATION I got THE NUMBERFROM DISCORD AND IT NOT WORK😡😡😡😡	bug report
Don't like the fact that you can't remove old groups	feature request
Lately when i go to send a picture text it sends it straight back to me rather than sending it to the second party. Please respond and help me fix this issue. Thanks pinger!	bug report
Losing SMS support? Really? The primary reason for me using the app for over a decade. I'd even pay a subscription for SMS support. But now its just disappearing? So sad. So sorry Signal. Adios, my dear friend. You were good whole you lasted but alas...	feature request
Great app, very easy to use!	irrelevant information
Backups are a massive pain in the butt. Needing a phone for signal is also a pain. Tech is secure but that shouldn't come at a sacrifice for usability. If people don't adopt it doesn't matter how secure it is.	feature request
Probably one of the best apps for online chatting	irrelevant information
Bunch of bugs I can list: - Notifications gets very delayed and only shows in batches, - Sending pictures often fails, cancelling it doesn't register, and restarting the app doesn't help. - Images and videos doesn't load unless restarted (often have to restart multiple times), - Chance that no messages updates while in voice chat, - Loading anything at all fails and needs to restart the app multiple times just so I don't get stuck on it loading (waiting doesn't work at all).	bug report
When I try to login with my prevoius id, It always shows New login location detected...please fix this	bug report
Very good to deal with this app.	irrelevant information
I can't log in. It acts fine until it comes to logging in.	bug report
This app works ok with texting,except when recieving texts it does not notify me that i have a text.Even if im on the app, i have to refresh the page for the text to come through.And, dont even get me started on making calls! That sucks big time majorly!!. First there is a bad echo on both ends, then there is a delay in the conversation. I talk and they have to wait to hear what i said before they answer. Then, there is the issue with the dialing a number when you have to choose 1 , 2 or whatever.I get vari	bug report
It's good but keep progress	irrelevant information
The App works good, haven't had any problems and I get texts as though it's my TMobile Acct. I would definitely recommend this App as alternative way of texting. A friend referred this App to me.	irrelevant information
reply in order to be included in convos. I can't stand the threats of being	bug report
It's pretty good other than the occasional bugs	bug report
It would be better if you could still forward a text message to another person.	feature request
IMPROVE!!,ANNOYING POP UP MESSAGE	bug report
Not clear when talking	bug report
i don't know what's wrong with TextNow but i try to send a photo to my email but now it telling me it's not supported please fix the app and i will give you five stars again	bug report
Fine when it works, but sometimes it is unresponsive	bug report
this app is rlly good I have no trouble whit this app I can chat whit my frends anywhere and also stream	irrelevant information
The new update is unnecessary and absolutely feels like a downgrade from the previous interface. There was no need for a back button when swiping was available but now chat and channels feel completely independent and harder to navigate due to these changes. Change it back or improve upon previous designs.	feature request
new ui is terrible, and i have concerns over privacy with some new changes. i do love this app, and i'll improve my review if they fix it.	feature request
Newest mobile update messes up not just muscle memory but also consistency and usablitity. It was perfect as is but Discord had to go and mess it up.	feature request
Its was ok..... It doesn't support in laptop... everyday it ask for reinstall	bug report
Really user friendly and reliable	irrelevant information
Issue during download apk from skype please fix it , can not do copy paste on clipboard instead it quote the message as reply	bug report
Recent Android app update is slow and prone to freezing especially when checking messages. Very frustrating when in the middle of important text convos!	bug report
At this point calls don't go threw and freeze the app. It's a waste of time and money try to find a different one that is more consistent and won't glitch your phone. I Have S22 Ultra there is no need for this app to glitch other then its software .	bug report
Am I the only one who noticed that when making a new server, it says, "For me and my friends" instead of "For my friends and me"	feature request
Great. It may cost more mega bits but after all nice app to comiunicat. Love this.	irrelevant information
Good app, but I can't load more than 1 pic at a time. no video conferencing	bug report
Any time am trying to confirm the number by registering,it says error.. I'm totally pissed 📴	bug report
I updated this app n now it won't open. Why??? Please fix this asap.	bug report
How can I get the textfree with the calls	feature request
When someone texts me it informs me but it won't show what they say in the message	bug report
I can't get my mobile to ring when I get a Skype call, I have the volume turned up. I have a Samsung j6+	bug report
Goods for a all Android phone supporting apps continue	irrelevant information
It's OK service over wifi but the wireless service sucks I never get the incoming calls I even got a new phone thing I was the problem so if you buy the Sim card kit then you might not get all of your calls away from wifi. I keep the app updated all the time so I know it's not that.	bug report
Why does nitro cost money :/	irrelevant information
Monopolistic piece of garbage. Works with tons of mistakes on all platforms.	bug report
Wish it would be better but it's not happening!! One day maybe but not this year,! Or ever!! No stars now for sure!! .	irrelevant information
Calls r not connecting/echo on EVERY CALL, IN & OUTGOING	bug report
This app is very useful, just like whats app, but I would agree, try making a calendar of events update	feature request
Not intuitive.	irrelevant information
App worked great, and to a certain extent still does. But the latest forced UI changes makes it much more annoying to use. For example: you used to be able to swipe left in a server to see who all was online, now if you attempt to do the same thing you end up replying to a random message on screen. I'll raise my review if they allow a revert to old UI.	feature request
Crashes constantly. Just opening it can cause it to lock up and slow your phone to a crawl.	bug report
Very good, but needs security to make sure the people are genuine & not scammers just out for money.	feature request
New app experience laggy on my flagship S23 Ultra. No reason it should be this slow on a latest gen device.	bug report
This app looks nothing like the photos given. Neither does it look like the	bug report
Perfect 👌 ❤️❤️	irrelevant information
Extremely buggy following the latest update. In dire need of maintenance	bug report
Very Good !!!	feature request
Everytime i look at videos minutes they never are added. they want you to give access of your phone to all these people for surveys just for minutes. allowing people to enter your phone through a back door and have you exposed. and you still don't get the minutes. I've earned over 2000 minutes but so far they gave me 2 minutes	bug report
it would be better if u could make free calls using wifi are even make free calls using internet instead of watching a video for 2 minutes of call time or having to pay for minutes	feature request
Don't try and do the extra minutes the survey you get all the way through it and get to be end and they tell you that you don't qualify for their survey so you don't get the minutes I tried doing one for 244 minutes and I got to the end and it told me that I didn't qualify so I didn't get my minutes it's good for texting but for call minutes they lie	bug report
The new ui is so bad and some added features (like the new "add friends from contacts" being turned on by default, endangering people in abusive households) are downright predatory. Its also continously crashing now for seemingly no reason. Find another app to communicate with your friends if you can because clearly discord doesn't care for its users.	bug report
tish App Not Open Ur server down Please 🥺 Opening App 😥	bug report
Great when the calls are not dropped	bug report
Had it for years best way to communicate with friends despite IPhone vs Android user. Only weird thing is the spam people. Hide the message without clicking on it and move on. Would be cool to delete groups no longer in use instead of hiding it.	feature request
App is unresponsive after login, for up to a minute, lots of lag in general	bug report
I'll rate it 5 -stars and thanks 🙏👍 79	irrelevant information
Discord is favorite method of online communication, but the most recent app update made certain functionality way less convenient to access.	feature request
I'm having an issue where if I play a video the little bar at the bottom does not move with the time. Like I can see that it shows 04 out out 16 means I have watched 4 seconds of a 16 second clip but the little bar with the white dot stays at the beginning and doesn't move.	bug report
in the lastest version, it seems like theres alot of glitch and bugs, i cant pick emojis, keyboard descend itself, voice note not working	bug report
ok can you fix the push notifications pretty slow	bug report
I was missing messages when friends sent group text so we moved our chat here. It has been very helpful.	irrelevant information
Closes out doesn't load	bug report
Awesome for my fiance and .w	irrelevant information
Had it been able to receive text, I would have kept it and used it forever. Unfortunately, it failed to work on Moto G	bug report
Messages are gone before you can listen to them. Which is terrible and why I would not recommend this app.	bug report
The most horrendous UI ever. The new update brought this disgusting new look that has made me physically ill. Not only is the new UI awful to look at, but there's WAY too much lag now. Original UI might've had some bugs and lag but the new UI has so much more. I can't even open the gif search tab properly anymore, it keeps juping from being opened and then being closed. And you people have the audacity to tell your users to just get used to it? Despicable.	bug report
I hate it only gives you some minits	bug report
It is good but it nt opening app so see and clear it that problem sir make them easy way.	bug report
Great Application onto my phone. Has Pretty Wallpapers and solid Designing.	irrelevant information
Literally unuseable, there's so much wrong with this new update. Not even in a "they changed it and now it sucks" way, they removed features and made the rest feel like you have to solve a Rubik's Cube. Don't give these people your money.	bug report
I have to be honest and say this app has caused me more issues then any other app I've ever installed or used. It crashes repeatedly and drains my battery. Please fix your bugs before others download and have to experience the same issues as I have. Every day with this app is "issues detected", "app crashed", or "app isn't responding".	bug report
Helps with the communication without having to send texts.	irrelevant information
The design and interface are OK for text but it has a hard time with high definition pictures, it takes a while to load them or they don't send.Need a little more pop in that server. For some reason you cannot delete a group or a message. Has no delete for anything. If your message does not send you see the error icon forever. You cannot delete the message	bug report
I've had 2 separate account the first one I didn't even have for a whole day and it locked me out of it and wouldn't accept my password or my email even though when I very first entered it Google saved it. So I made a second account and now that account isn't even being brought up by my email or my current phone number and I had built up quite a big community on that account and I don't want to lose I wish they had an alternate sign in or way to find your account like Facebook. it'd be easier	bug report
It used to be awesome. Now it's just closed source daily updates, everything is slow, and messages don't come in on time. Since the company has started using closed source software to "combat spam" as they put it, the program has gotten slower to load and slower to use. By a lot. Links rarely load, messages fail daily, and everything takes 2 times longer. As if they're logging everything now. Sadly, you have no other options for secure messaging anymore. Welcome to the post privacy age.	bug report
New to the GroupMe app but seems like a really good way to stay in touch as an organization or group. Easy to plan events, stay connected and chat with multiple recipients	irrelevant information
I truly appreciated the features and security of Signal; however the decision to end support for SMS is exceedingly unfortunate for those users who must communicate with both Signal and SMS users. I, regretably, will no longer use or recommend Signal, unless SMS support is reinstated.	feature request
It's a good way to talk privately	irrelevant information
Useful , when calling at times not the app itself possibly location issue I found I lost connection.	bug report
Never let's me get into the app always freezes	bug report
Not receiving anything, from anyone.	bug report
Discord is good I just can't delete my voice messages after sending them to the person I talk to on discord	feature request
This new update is so shlt man, everytime I open a dm it puts me up instead of down to the new messages, why they gotta do unnecessary updates. Visually the old one was better	feature request
I have a problem with filled someone is listening my calls & recording, I hope you guys are doing what you have to protect my privacy.	bug report
The app continues to exhibit the name of the contact even after deleting it from the phone book. There is no option of manually delete a contact as well. That could be fixed.	bug report
So, not a five-star review. Why? After all three years in so unable to use Signal from more than one Android device. There's no way to "link" a tablet to my mobile phone, say. I can use do so on Windows or Mac but not on Android. Other than this app is great.	feature request
It's been good, I do not like having to verify my pin notification when it's on my phone.	feature request
It's a great app and all but, recently, whenever I make a call, the other person starts sounding like a robot after a few minutes of talking. Why is this?	bug report
from a reasonable size to comically huge. Seriously, avoid this app.	irrelevant information
Text is good but cant make phone calls	bug report
Its not bad. But I wish we had unlimited calls	feature request
I've always had this app for years, I just love it sm .	irrelevant information
this microsoft 🗑️ can not process a payment 1/2 time. Replacing with something worthwhile.	bug report
I originally loved it but what's the point of the burn feature if I can just screenshoot my other encrypted app doesn't allow that	feature request
Updated version is not notifying me about messages.	bug report
Worst app because you have to have a Facebook and I don't have a Facebook account	irrelevant information
I like a lot of the features that come with it, but I have a few complaints 1. On mobile, I can't scroll down to see the servers I'm in, so sometimes I can't see the icon. 2. The new usernames are really annoying, I don't like the way I can't do as much with it 3. There's this weird bug thing that still marks a channel as unread even though I opened it and it's annoying	bug report
This recent update made the app more confusing to navigate and makes it run slower. The old layout of the app worked fine and was intuitive for mobile with no room for confusion. You are better off not getting the mobile version until they roll back this change.	bug report
The only consistent thing about this app is the constant failure to install the next available update.	bug report
The new layout is awful. It takes far to many interactions with my screen to swtich between my messages and servers now. It also took me forever to find out how to see who is in my server and online. Not to mention that it takes 4 interactions to go from dms to a new server instead of just 2. This is an awful usability update and i dont care that it looks slightly better. I told all my friends to disable auto update so they wouldnt have to suffer through this. It was far better before.	feature request
Put some resolution settings on Mobile App, we need to adjust our resolution while streaming in Mobile come on	feature request
A. Necessary evil	feature request
Sweet and cool just love the App 💞	irrelevant information
Illicit perverted ads destroys the user experience	irrelevant information
Discord experience is honestly pretty good, but I'll give it 4 stars because there are minors bugs in the app that needs to be fixed	bug report
other apps out there that are free	irrelevant information
Need last seen and online options	feature request
is it cost money when you use it?	irrelevant information
Loved the app for discretion	irrelevant information
keeps me in touch with my hoes... ya know	irrelevant information
Very good app for all type communication	irrelevant information
Why no SMS anymore signal?	irrelevant information
Can no longer send pictures on discord	bug report
please fix the notifications. everytime I update its like a gamble whether they break or not.	bug report
I am unable to delete this.😤 How to give star in minus guyz	bug report
Can't figure out how to take the vibrate off. Built in vibrate is annoying sometimes. Won't allow the last text to be sent from a compound text	feature request
Not really free with ads. Need to pay to get verification texts from apps like WhatsApp Seems to work for normal calls and texts	feature request
*Update": they answered that I indeed violated the terms and condition but they can't not dosclose how. Just a lie. Everything was great until I received a phone call while using the vpn... my account was disable inmediately and no answer in the appeal. Sad... it was great.	bug report
Quite unfortunately, the app has become laggy and unresponsive even at the most innocent occasions, like trying to input a single emoji, or bringing up the contacts menu. The developers are quite obviously understaffed.	bug report
Chat back-up option is not available	bug report
to many pop up ads can't hardly txt out	bug report
Won't even open. I've tons of other apps and never had a problem. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, reset my phone, waited a month tried again, no luck.	bug report
Since the last update many glitches appeared, the app would kick me out, some pfps are colour reversed, the arrow the used to be beside a server when there's unread messages isn't there and no notification	bug report
when i open the app from notifications, it seems to be broken in some sorts.	bug report
This app is very useful for chat 💬 talk and etc	irrelevant information
Sometimes messages are not sent or received	bug report
there is no skype icon to click on to open the app on my phone. Such a pain!	bug report
I love being able to text but everytime I make or receive a call we can't hear each other but yet I have full bars on phone	bug report
Great stuff	irrelevant information
Its good but if I watch video it doesn't respond If I tap the video it will be gray or its not working respond me pls to fix the bug..	bug report
please help me!	irrelevant information
Loved the app til I was kicked from all groups today. It's happened to several of my friends also.  Back to 5 stars after its fixed.	bug report
I do enjoy discord and still use it. That does not change that the most recent update to the app is utter trash. It's fine on pc, though	feature request
Works like a charm. I wish they included UK numbers & the rate of dropped calls went down tho. I also wish they weren't so quick to swap out your number.	feature request
Whenever I'm trying to sign in , it is showing me unable to connect. please check your internet connection.. Although i have a fast connection.. please help me out.. It is hampering my work	bug report
I can't login with my Google account and password it's saying reset the password it says we will send change PW but I don't get any message plz make it normal don't keep this much process just keep phone number or Google account and a password it's also asking location wth please make it normal I need to login at my account	bug report
Messaging without corporate overlord that spies on you	feature request
Horrible nothing but scammers	irrelevant information
,,,,charn@drewry ,the 5, I am, ,,	irrelevant information
Dropping SMS means i have to leave. I'm going to miss signal but if there is no SMS support then it's goodbye. My job uses signal and they announced we are leaving it all well. That's 30+ people right there. Ugh.	irrelevant information
It's ok untill you run out of minutes	bug report
I use to love this app but now I can't see my text messages	bug report
Jhalawad city	irrelevant information
Reset password and won't log in. Tried many times. Junk	bug report
Start video calling open rear camera flash light not work please solve this problem.	bug report
crashes all the time on my phone, and the ads (there are way too many,)	bug report
Worst app yet. I literally just got it a few minutes ago and every time I try to send a stext it says my number has been deactivated because of not using it. It then says some random number as if it is my own and it's not even the number I have from them. It then makes me change the number. I can't do anything with this app. It is severely defective.	bug report
People I call can not Here me at all. I have no sound when I call even with perfect connection. Messages are OK but that is all.	bug report
Works, but doesn't save numbers that called you.  Specially if you answer	bug report
How they decided to make the app a different learning experience from the desktop version is beyond me, not to mention it's more cumbersome to navigate to different parts of the app now and slower to load. Sometimes the servers don't even show.	feature request
Good but the only problem is that sometimes when I open the app, it turns out to be on light mode, even when I had it on dark mode beforehand. I hope they fix this, it's a bit annoying.	bug report
Can receive calling notifications and when I click on the app it says missed call	bug report
Wouldn't let me log in cause new app is driving me crazy	bug report
Say Hi to Privacy 🔏	irrelevant information
It keeps lagging any time I open it on Android iOS both	bug report
So it takes forever for the app to load.. if it does.. and i also wont get my texts for hours.. ive been using this app for a few years and it keeps getting slower and slower with every update	bug report
This is the worst messaging I've ever used. I don't get why clubs at my college even use it. If anyone is reading this please don't download and use other better apps	irrelevant information
Bro i got fricked up and got scam in discord But good app doe	bug report
Currently, discord is kinda buggy. I can't use my mic unless im in the mic settings and I can't select an Audio Output.	bug report
Best in terms of security and privacy.	irrelevant information
Usually always works great for me	irrelevant information
It was working fine and now I'm not getting the notifications at all or I'm getting them three hours hours later.... the phone doesn't ring when someone calls I also can't send pictures and people are saying my messages come in out of order..... Please fix this... galaxy s3 I loved this app before :(	bug report
Warning when you update this app you can not use the old emojis. Please fix this! I LOVED the classic emojis. Other than that I would have rated this app as 5 stars.	feature request
I love the app its convenient. But for some reason it stopped allowing	bug report
My calls get droped	bug report
The app will not let me use it	bug report
So how is it that you can use this number to call and text but why when creating a account say" Facebook".. when it asks to enter a phone number for verification how come this won't let me use to register to a multimillion dallor company . ? Cause I never can keep my phone on these days. Times are rough ya know.? Be nice to get a legit answer on this one. Thanks	feature request
Pitiful constant dropped calls can never hear	bug report
The app wouldnt be so bad if the ads werent so obsessive. The ads lag the experience. App does remember texts via email login. Can keep same phone number for a while. Dark mode would be nice. Paid mode might be ok but other apps allow more free stuff than to make this app worthy of purchase. App is ok if you need it.	feature request
I've tried everything I can think of and my texts are sending and calls arent going through. No error message at all. It looks like everything went through fine but my mom isnt recieving anything. Tried a few different numbers to see if it was an isolated issue and no one is recieving anything.	bug report
Slags bad, messes with my phones ability to do multiple things and it's slow.	bug report
Whenever someone called or if I called, my music would begin to play. Kinda glitchy. Meh.	bug report
Keep trying to log in it says error occured	bug report
This app has definitely helped our teams communicate quickly and efficiently!!	irrelevant information
gotta keep tapping icons to complete an action..	feature request
id like the new update better if the colors didnt make me want to turn evil. i cant stand reading on these color schemes, which isnt great for a *text messaging app*. also not a fan of companies that dont listen to their users.	feature request
The only reason I'm still using Skype is the contact base.	feature request
I bought minutes and immediately the money was taken from my debit card but i never received my minutes. So if u guys claim to be free stop lying cuz ur not free only if u have wifi so stop false advertising its against the law	bug report
Wrost app I create account and after ,10 mins my account ban said I did violation I o nothing, I create on other mail and create whatsapp that also ban after 10 mins said I did violation, I create on fb and create whatsapp it's also ban after 10 mins said I did violation , and there is no help option to talk with customers to what the hell they doing	bug report
Sometimes taxes are not sent and received on time this is the big issue.	bug report
this app is horrible... dropping calls and its not free you have to pay or watch alot of videos to get minutes. dont waste your time	bug report
Discord is a good service— been subscribed to Nitro for several years at this point. But this new mobile UI update is not intuitive at all.	feature request
I have a major problem with dail pad.....it takes each number twice like if i enter 1023 its taking 10023 or 10223 or 10233	bug report
The latest update on my Samsung Note 10+ causes many of my text messages to not be sent and the circular indicator continues to spin instead of confirming messages were sent.	bug report
EDIT: If you want to revert to the old layout here's how: Navigate to the "You" tab > "App Settings" (the gear icon) > Appearance > Scroll down to the "New Layout" section > Toggle it off Gotta love it when devs decide to fix something that isn't broken The new UI is horrible. It takes more taps/swipes/etc to navigate the app than it used to and there is now less on screen at once while simultaneously feeling busier due to all channels now having icons. It's not intuitive at all.	feature request
It's great I haven't noticed anything wrong in it	irrelevant information
I like discord but I got a new phone and it won't let me log back in to my account or make a new account with the same email	bug report
Great app execution but I wish there was a better way to add more than one device without kicking me off my phone, so that way I can use it on both mobile and Chromebook. The desktop versions on Windows, Mac, and Linux allow you to register and sync your messages that way.	feature request
The group image cant be put back to default that sucks	bug report
There are much better apps out there for this! Please search for a truly free solution that doesn't have ads. I don't think I can name alternatives without them telling google to remove my review. Apparently they were able to remove my past review for telling the truth of this app.	irrelevant information
The UI when calling is very hard to use, very non-intuitive. Messages notifs are not updated in real time, missed my boss' messages a lot :)	bug report
This app once been good but after sometime it doesn't give verification codes to WhatsApp anymore i wish it can be brought back to it normal state	bug report
The most recent update has broken it. They did an update to the UI and it doesn't look as good or as user friendly. I'm not sure what they were thinking with this.	feature request
Stable app. Good quality calls generally, provided internet connection is reliable.	irrelevant information
Better quality calls than text now or fb messenger. Option to have more than one number at a time. Actually may be unlimited, never reached a ceiling. Premium option for verification codes from most, not all financial institutions and the like.	feature request
Works the the amount of adds slows and crashes the app often	bug report
It's difficult when you have to pay for code unlock	feature request
Recent update brought new UI, but it's laggy, unresponsive and message sending suddenly became a challenge	bug report
Why did you remove the free credit option. Come on man!	feature request
Any one eles craveing cheese.	irrelevant information
Killing SMS support means there's no longer any reason for me to have this installed.	feature request
A job scammer made me download it.	irrelevant information
This app just played a ad while my phone was clicked off and I wasn't even on the app it was open in the background I would like the maker of the app to contact me cuz that is an abuse and invasion of privacy	bug report
Very good chatting app. but the mobile version needs to be improved there is a lot of bugs and glitches and some of the features which are available in pc are not available in mobile especially android	feature request
Good with nice video and audio quality	irrelevant information
It won't send are get pics	bug report
Dropped calls and app freezes up requires restarts. Works very well for texting. Not so great for calling.	bug report
Good app for texting your friends and playing games with them, the voice chat needs to be upgraded for mobile user. What I mean by that is... I'm on an Android device and even though my voice is full (including discords own settings) I can't hear the others and they can't hear me.	feature request
The app wont open at time but other then that it is an amazing app!!!	bug report
It's alright, but ever since the ui overhaul, it stopped me from downloading anything! I've tried to fix it but nothing is working!	bug report
This app is laughable at best have downloaded it 3 times total and each time same problems with calls not being able to be answered on time as well as being placed adequitly okay for first couple days but after is pure insanity. Thanks for bugging out my last 3 phones.	bug report
Freezes and glitches and usually kicks me out of writing a message and the app closes a truly crappy app	bug report
orders will get mixed up. If I were to say hello at 7am and said how are	bug report
Stopped working. Was doing great but now it will not make calls and tech support is useless.	bug report
I understand TextNow has to pay its developers, and TextNow has been making various great efforts to suck money out of its users, and finally made it impossible to use it for free. I have been using it to help my dad receive Covid-related government assistance. At first TextNow refused to let me receive text messages from the government for free, I have been using it for voice instead, and now voice is impossible too	bug report
The app won't let me press any buttons. When my fiancee tried to video call me it wouldn't let me answer his call or call him back. I couldn't even send him a message.	bug report
It's good, but I can't use my phone number for YouTube verification stuff.	feature request
TextNow is an affordable cell service but the poor function and lack of integration with OS level apps and services is a source of frustration. Debugging has wasted a huge amount of my time. - Concept is good but leadership in development needs to be upgraded and this application requires a complete overhaul in order to function as a reliable PhoneCall/Texting manager. Implement Admin privileges or provide a Root access version and remove dependence on outside services! Figure something out...	feature request
Really good but sometimes i don't get a notification straight away!	bug report
During a call or text message the app crashes getting really frustrated	bug report
The new version seems to crash quite a lot. Not all the messages get through. Otherwise, it's a cool concept.	bug report
I love being constantly in the loop - all information is shared and clear. Nothing is left fir the he said/she said....	irrelevant information
Far silly Man	irrelevant information
I am currently using the Skype preview beta, and the last time it updated it caused me not to be able to type messages. Instead as soon as I click the option to type it crashes.	bug report
How do you get your old account number of you don't have access to it	feature request
this is more of a personal thing,, but i hope u bring back the font where the two underscores touch each other. i really miss the old font	feature request
Bs app doesnt give me notifications. Trash	bug report
This app is possibly the worst designed messaging app I have ever had the displeasure of using. I would recommend almost anything over using group me.	bug report
Crashing all the time on galaxy note 20 ultra	bug report
horrible update, ruined everything that didn't need fixing	feature request
I like it for texting just fine, but unable to make calls most of the time.	bug report
Yeah..great app until it freezes up and resets itself. Then it wouldn't let me sign in. Great timing considering this happens while a loved one is stuck on the side of the road after getting hit by a car.	bug report
Very informative and great way for communication	irrelevant information
Both my husband and I are now experiencing issues with random disconnection in full WiFi. Just now switching channels would go blank and get stuck "Connecting..." You need a hotfix badly. Btw, I tried setting device DNS to Google and it's screwing with my wifi repeater while browsing. This is not a fix. And it happens everywhere, not just at home.	bug report
Worthless can't change my password will not email info for changing my password very disappointing can't get to the group I belong to. Who are you to decide to kick me out or not if I have nothing to say why should I access the group	bug report
others from different members. No rhyme or reason to it. Support is not	bug report
Have a 5G network with 5 bars. When I place a call, it goes through. When the call is answered, it says poor mobile data connection, drops to 2 bars, and drops the call. Then 5 bars return, and it says excellent mobile data connection. I call again. Call drops, and I get a screen that says Unable to reach the network. Please check your connection and try again. 5 bars, then return. The day before, I'm in the same location, and the app works fine. No call drops. It's the app, not the network.	bug report
discord was good until this new update 🥰 please change it back discord 🙏🙏 everyone wants it to change back 🙏😭😭😀	feature request
Frequently the app fails to notify me of messages.	bug report
Best messaging app. Please add the option to star the msgs. + An option of showing the media in the chat for the shared media with someone, and it should also mention the date and time in the shared media. Thank you. Hope to see the change soon.	feature request
good for what it is	irrelevant information
Its OK but you need wifi	irrelevant information
It's has top security	irrelevant information
This app is not working for WhatsApp. WhatsApp says this number is not valid for the country United States.	bug report
Terrible redesign, please revert the change	feature request
I paid for my service. My account was hacked , I cant log in because someone had changed my user name and I somehow signed up for a new account. I need instruction on how to get back into my real account.	bug report
Very good. I use it for most of my communication with friends. Still some features which are cumbersome on mobile where the desktop app is better.	irrelevant information
New UI sucks	feature request
To be honest, the update isn't my favorite. I prefer to be able to swipe left to see the current people online in the server rather than it being the new reply feature. There was nothing on how to find the online members, and I had to find it myself. Also, another thing that upsets me is that the app is very slow to open ever since the update. I click on the app, and it sends me to a blank screen, and then it takes a good 10 secs to load anything. I like fancy but simplicity on the phone is best	feature request
Easy to use, intuitive.	irrelevant information
Best app but screen share problem 😊	bug report
the new ui is bad and yall want to force us to use it on mobile, also give me amoled mode back, stop taking away options from us	feature request
Great App For Large Groups & For People Who Work In large Business I Use GroupMe For My Job I'm A Airline Worker Its A Decent Way For Us To Talk To Each Other About Trading Shifts With Each Other	irrelevant information
There was a sign in prblm	bug report
phone is hanging after using this app	bug report
This app genuinely gets worse with every update, like uploading media on the newest update is time-consuming and annoying. The newer UI is hard to understand/use. Not to mention, I keep getting glitches like getting kicked randomly from calls or my messages sending HOURS after i originally sent them no metter how good the wifi is.I only keep it around because it's easier for me to use than my normal messaging app.	bug report
It's okay it's just that we can't use it without internet	feature request
Being intouch with my classmate is awesome	irrelevant information
the fkn screen and bs pic msgs cant get pushed thru and to top it off when	bug report
This group chat app is terrible. Most people on the group do not receive the messages...	bug report
Not the perfect product it could be, but it's an option.	irrelevant information
Can not sigh in, Samsung sm 800	bug report
The app is slower to load, harder to navigate, and I have had far more issues with this update than I have any other. Please consider reverting back to the old setup. It worked so much better, and in the future, please don't change the primary methods of navigating the app when they aren't a problem. You only make it harder for users to navigate the app.	feature request
I use discord to talk to people on a regular basis. Before it had a few quirks but it was usable so I gave discord 4 stars. After the new update, the discord app has become quite usuable on my android phone. I am not able to get into servers. Its stuck on the same screen, etc issues here and there.	bug report
It's working for group communications	irrelevant information
but trashed a lot so uninstalled	irrelevant information
Used to be very easy to onboard new tech-lite users. With the removal of SMS support getting non-technical folks to use 2 apps to talk to me is difficult, if not impossible. I would love to keep using signal for all my messages, but the removal of SMS has caused my signal enabled contact list to shrink drastically. Soon I'll be the only one in my contacts still using the app.	feature request
Was great, not anymore. I subscribed and bought coins, next thing I can't login in no more	bug report
Takes to long to felt credits and not enough credit points for free	bug report
It does not even work it is a scam	bug report
great value a little to pricey to keep the same number like that's outrageous what your charging on s weekly basis	irrelevant information
new update on UI is kinda meh	feature request
It's fine but it definitely traumatized me in some way.	irrelevant information
I love this app it helps you stay connected and communicate with your coworkers and important family and friends collectively.	irrelevant information
It's cool or whatever	irrelevant information
It won't even stay open. It keeps glitching and closing on its own	bug report
Your app is unreal to many ads you can't hang up .and erase messages or calls like sp as m this takes up storage. I really don't like this and when I figure how to delete you with out compromising my stuff I will.	bug report
Good private app away from the glare of FB very pleased	irrelevant information
Video call is laggy and some freezes. Please improve resolution as well.	bug report
The only complaint I have is that I don't always get notifications from this app even though I have messages.	bug report
You should also add last seen and onlije feature.	feature request
Opportunistic encryption has always had the highest chance of succeeding in populations that don't actively seek it out (see https and imessage). Signal's dual use of both encrypted messages and sms function did this. Unfortunately, the small number of contacts I have that also used signal isn't worth keeping the app installed on my phone. Deleted my account, and will be looking for a different solution that provides opportunistic encryption for SMS.	feature request
skype so lagging on my cell phone , can u fix it ?? my phone it was fast about internet but when open skype thats lag	bug report
Sometimes the microphone gives issues and nobody can hear you from the other line, but other than that, great app.	bug report
okay. but not good enough	irrelevant information
I don't know why but they took away SMS. A rather stupid decision I feel.	feature request
With the upcoming loss of SMS and MMS support my usage of Signal will be coming to a close when that happens.	feature request
Nice app but sometimes when call comes for me I can't pick it up sometimes and it is very poor as there is no clear sound I want a better progress for it as we have downloaded this app for video calls,etc which the other apps don't commit	bug report
I got rg fr he tf using her	irrelevant information
Only thing I'd change is to remove sound from sending videos. Otherwise great	feature request
Ap is trash. Video sending hardly ever works. Nothing but exclamation points. You would think after years these clowns would get it together	bug report
Horrible it can never connect and it gives you no sign that someone read a message and I can never call someone horrible	bug report
the new layout is... not good. i cant find pinned messages or see members, swiping to respond seems counter productive because the press and hold still works too, and nitro and threads are the same button? edit: look at how low the ratings are now 😭 the fact that nothing is being changed despite all the negative feedback is genuinely appalling	feature request
Slow to update pics and videos. Good communication app for a group. Wish if had a delete/or laugh option and not just the heart. Takes a while to load. Sometimes don't get notifications.	feature request
Very very slow... Lagu.	bug report
It's cool i just dont understand why i cant call even though i have minutes	bug report
the voice mail is too short! When I get voice mails every week from my kids school and 90 seconds doesn't cut it.	feature request
Not letting me make calls nor retrieve calls. I see calls coming in but cant answer them	bug report
Video quality very bad ! During video call not received message same app	bug report
This app lags alote	bug report
You can use browser version that works flawlessly! No need to use broken mobile app ;)	bug report
new mobile ui is horrible	feature request
Excellent send and receive time	irrelevant information
Not free, bunch of liars	irrelevant information
I liked the older version, it was easier to use and cheaper (it was free). I only use it for texting. Please change it back	feature request
App works fine but after update there is a big where if a user goes from one server and channel to another the channel from the previous server is displayed. Have to close out and go back in. This is a huge flaw and I feel was missed during testing	bug report
Now I don't have to use my moms phone	irrelevant information
why there's no sound	bug report
They tell you that you can make "free calls" but the second you type in a real phone number they tell you you need minutes to call that number in my book that is not free😠😠😠😠😠	bug report
The app always freezes.	bug report
Best texting app ever	irrelevant information
Please, add feature switch another account, like twitter or instagram. because it's so difficult to switch accounts, because you need to verify your email	feature request
I love this app but there's bugs that need fixing. I am using it currently on a Poco X3 Pro and there's visibility issues such as text appearing with white background to the point where it's hard to read and the color wheel for the profile banner is impossible to use as for example when you put it on white it shows black on the banner itself. Please fix these, people who can't pay for Nitro barely get customization as it is, this just makes it even worse. Just to note, I am using dark mode.	bug report
Would love to be able to use this but it will only upload 15 of my contacts. Tried refresh, reinstalling, etc	bug report
It usually works great but when Im in a group chat my messages always get mixed up and confusing	bug report
The send button is missing	bug report
Have to uninstall and install to get it to do what it's supposed to do. Freezes ALOT.	bug report
I've been struggling with the link spotify account feature, I don't want ppl to see if I'm listening to my PRIVATE playlists. Could you change that?	feature request
Will not let me log in. Also keeps saying an error occurred when trying to verify phone number	bug report
I need discord to really look into this. I have tried changing my profile picture after waiting for the 10 minute cool down. I have re-logged into discord to try and change it again. After that, I waited for the 10 minutes cool down but it hasn't worked. Please let me know if I'm doing something wrong.	bug report
It is terrible, one of the most diffifult apps to do anything, only does what it wantd	bug report
Haven't used yet!!! Any one plz let me know how this app works...	irrelevant information
I had Discord for 5 years now. It was a great app back in the days. But now, I absolutely HATE the layout. It's nothing compared to what I'm used to. Discord doesn't even listen to popular opinion, so there's no point in writing this. The option to view the members list has completed been altered. Instead of the original swiping left to view members list (which is now an automatic reply to messages), you have to tap on the channel name. It's so ridiculous for us OGs.	feature request
The day has finally come, no SMS support. This is now a 0/5 review. Goodbye Signal. I have no intention of keeping this app when SMS capability is removed. At that point it joins the ranks of telegrams and whatsapps and is no longer differentiated by its SMS capability. Sad to see a great product fall.	feature request
sorey	bug report
Only once had a bad experience, when we lost the picture. Otherwise, excellent.	irrelevant information
It a decent one, but i have numbers idk an there alot of adds within. But overall not bad.	irrelevant information
"grass fed" what kind of garbage trolling is under "What's New" lol	irrelevant information
I enjoy using the app it's very trustworthy easy to use	irrelevant information
Your trashy app is unresponsive at the time that I needed the most.	bug report
I was unable to walk or go to the mailbox box and i had a friend who said he would bring it to me. This app allowed me to get my mail from someone I trusted. Just downloaded loaded it and read the directions and was up and talking in about 15 minutes and for us 2 old men we were surprised. I highly recommend TextNow for anyone that has WiFi or piggyback off someone else's WiFi and nead to keep in touch. IT IS GREAT! A EASY WAY TO BE ABLE TO KEEP IN CONTACT! DOWNLOAD IT TODAY.	irrelevant information
Fine and dandy.	irrelevant information
Skype is a reliable and user-friendly app that provides seamless video and voice calls, messaging, and file sharing, making it an essential tool for staying connected with friends, family, and colleagues. Highly recommended.	irrelevant information
Latest update ruins the user friendliness entirely. Messages are on a seperate tab, you can no longer see who is in a server pnly who has access to a given chat. If I want to see which friends are online I have to go under my own profile, scroll to the bottom and click friends where all it will show all of them sorted alphabetically, online or not. In short: useless menus have been added to hide things in order to save me 3 seconds of load-time.	feature request
Decent app. I would like it to allow us to allow admins and to allow for calendar edits from anyone in the group.	feature request
so I recently bought nitro and it's keeps saying update payment info but it won't lemme cancel it I've tried cancel it so many times it still says I have it but it ended today	bug report
It crashes when I open the app. first it shows the last conversation then about 2 seconds it goes to "No text channels". It worked when I logged in. But the first crash happenned when I opened a support forum	bug report
All of a sudden none of my pictures will send. I keep getting a message from pinger saying check the number.	bug report
I use this for a while now with no problems but today I was about to write a text message only to find out I was logged out and cannot login due to an unknown error occurring. Please fix this as I can't log into textnow from any of my devices 😥💢👎 Edit:6/16/2023 This issue has been resolved long ago and I have no problems with this app whatsoever 👍	bug report
Everything was great until I got a pop up last month saying they're removing sms support and telling its small userbase to base get their friends to download signal. Now their userbase is even smaller. You want to compete with iMessage and Telegram? Add SMS back! Uninstalled the app. Not using an app that none of my friends even use.	feature request
not free worded to bait you in installing	irrelevant information
a few issues sending pictures, but after the first time it has been smooth sailing	bug report
Normally I like the app, it's great to have but lately I've been told ppl are calling me and leaving a voicemail but it didn't ring, no missed calls or voicemails show up.	bug report
You left out the notification settings for people joining and leaving vc. Now every now and then i just hear the ear piercing sounds whenever people joining or leaving. Now Google play kept reminding me to pay my free months discord. Great service you guys.	feature request
Like the earning points	irrelevant information
Best of all	irrelevant information
YOOOOOOO ITS YO BOI TRAYY SLAAAT	irrelevant information
For at least a month now, no messages have successfully been sent or received between two devices that were previously working okay with Signal . We even removed and re-installed the app on both devices and it still doesn't work. There has been a few issues with the app in the last couple of years, which affected many users for short periods of time, but it has been completely useless for far too long now. Time to delete and move on.	bug report
The people who I was trying to text in El Salvador never received the texts	bug report
Excellent app and MGMT philosophy aligns.	irrelevant information
It's ok. Don't care for how it's not free	irrelevant information
The reminders are Extremely annoying!!! I use the app twice a month I shouldn't keep getting reminders to use it.	bug report
In many discord servers I find I can't seen the text on the titles for each section and often if I can I can't see the content as though nobody ever posted in it. This seems to be worse when people mod the typfaces/fonts of their respective profiles. EDIT this had improved slightly with last update. For some reason a new server I joined has been occasionally crashing discord and I have to reinstall to use it again.	bug report
Was working perfectly fine, but the join voice chat on a server does not work on the app anymore for me, at least.	bug report
If none of my friend using this app then to ehom do i message? Please bring public groups to join by search.	feature request
call's duration. I see nothing better in this version.	bug report
has better reviews then the communist chinese run " zoom app. " Tik tok is loaded with spyware. Warning ⚠️ to all Chinese run scum.	irrelevant information
Every time I've entered this number into something that needs to send a verification code via text, the message never goes through. So what's the friggin point of having it...	bug report
Pissed I need my number back. I clearly use the app and take ALL the spam calls that come along with it.... THAT SHOULD COUNT FOR SOMETHING. ALL DAY LONG IM BEING SPAMMED TO DEATH WITH CALLS and just because I don't send a text I'm cut off???? I use this a business line .. I need my number back ASAP IM SO UPSET... ***Update*** THEY REACHED OUT TO ME AND GAVE ME MY NUMBER BACK... THANK YOU ALL I APPRECIATE THE SWIFT RESPONSE TO HELP!!!	feature request
The most functional app . No app is parallel to it in communication. But there is no option of screen share on tablets and smart phone . Not working on low cpnnection . Older version did. Makes the images blurry and sendes in hours . Improve it .	feature request
I like old version/but at new update discord are more slower and app down Edit 1: is look like fast a few for now	bug report
THIS IS THE REAL MAN WHO DEVELOP SUCH A GREAT APP LIKE WHATSAPP AND THIS PERSON AGAINST DATA CORRUPTION AND SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES APP BUT WHY PEOPLE DIDN'T UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS REAL APP NOT THE MARZUKERBURG WHO AQUIRED A COMPANY IN 19 BILLION DOLLAR FACEBOOK FOUNDER WERE THE REAL CHEATER IN CORPORATE WORLS AND SHARE DATA WITH THINRD PARTY APP AND USED ITSELF WITHOUT AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEN WHY people don't understand	irrelevant information
If everything was free about WhatsApp Apps, then it became a good app, but here it is not free to buy all the money you buy with some money	irrelevant information
You lied it is not free.	irrelevant information
Discord are just self destructing with all these new updates. The app has become worse and worse with new fetures introduced. Instead of finding a way to make the app better the company just tries to find how to make more money out of their customers.	feature request
Better than WhatsApp and iMessage. The most secure and private messenger out there and easy to use 👌!	irrelevant information
it works fine while texting and calling but dont screen share or play games, cause it is laggy and will crash;.	bug report
Use it for work, sometimes it is a little buggy. My chat will open and be at the very start of two days ago, other times my messages won't give me notifications. Overall, it is a good professional environment for work chats!	bug report
Cuts out	bug report
A commercial every call .... please no It's making me look somewhere else... Here until I find something better	irrelevant information
I was loving this app since the beginning of May 2023, then on Aug 17th or 18th an outage occured with Tmobile. I have not been able to use the app since. I have contacted cust service several times to be told to uninstall and reinstall which I did several times still doesnt work, contacted CS again to be told the app that im using isnt downloaded from The play store which it is and always has been. Im so frustrated I guess I will have to seek a new app!!!! As of 8-23 I am in contact with them!	bug report
Genuinely terrible UI change 12/6/2023 makes the app totally unusable. Disabling app entirely and canceling nitro resubscription until this undone. Encourage others to do the same.	bug report
I can't get notifications. All my settings are set correctly. Nothing is muted.	bug report
New UI update ruined discord mobile for me, even the ui that you could try out like 2 updates ago was much better than what we had and what we got dont know why they'd actively fight their users on if the new UI is better. If the majority of your users are saying it's bad, stop with the cope its bad	feature request
Its a very common issue like i open and i have full internet speed but its keep connecting kindly fix issue please its very annoying	bug report
i love the app... when it works it keeps kicking out the app so i have to uninstall it and download it back	bug report
Terrible for larger meetings. As soon as there are more than 2 or 3 people on the call, the app lags by almost a minute when clicking things like mute. I can't even hang up and close the app. I have to restart my phone. Only works fine'ish for 1-to1 calls. Many better options out there for larger meetings.	bug report
UI really bad, hard to use	bug report
It's alright, but half of it is stuck behind a paywall which I find incredibly frustrating.	irrelevant information
My audio notes used to play one right after the other over several weeks of recordings. Now, it gets stuck on the second one and just hovers with no sound...I really used this feature for study... please bring it back [] []Much better, thanks	bug report
Hi hope you're doing good from last week we are having an issues on Skype Messages are not sending Plz fix that bug ASAP	bug report
Doesnt work... It wont even download yet i get gmail notifications of an unused number at 7 days. You never gave me a #! Im trying again and it will not upload you guys obviously are stalking my phone yet i have no text or call capability. I have searched my apps... Youre a ghost. I used you all on last phone and no problem. Youre an eyesore on this phone.	bug report
Signal > WhatsApp	irrelevant information
I was texted that this was a private messaging site. Who are we? On this site however, I can chat with one person that this site shows. That I like alot.	feature request
Why can't we make suggestions and such when we come up with an idea on this platform?	feature request
Update: TEXTNOW SUCKS RAT TAINT!!! They sell your number to illegal call centers that call and hang up to get you to call back. Their three main scams are back taxes collection, student loan debt and extended car warranty sales. I've been telling them for eight years I don't owe taxes, I don't have any student loan debt and I don't own a car. The best part is when I complained about the crank calls rising to the level of harassment they blocked me from the app. Adolescent thieves!	irrelevant information
I can't get verification codes but I pay for the lock-in your number subscription.... So what am I paying for if I can't get my verification codes??? I use this number for work and now I can't work today because I can't get a verification code. . so can somebody get back to me let me know what's going on and what the hell I'm paying for	bug report
I cant make calls to mexico i dial +52 and it says that is not a number support in the us or canada.. what should i do?	bug report
Okay but the other person can barely hear me unless I start saying louder than my lungs can go	bug report
Don't work 90% of the time I use it	bug report
since the latest update, i have a constant notification that i cant find or get rid of, really annoying 😞 any idea whats wrong?	bug report
It was really great before; the old UI was a great translation from the PC version to this mobile app but they did a complete redesign recently that doesn't go well with a lot in my opinion. Even if they did have issues with the coding they didn't need to change the entire interface from my perspective	feature request
I want to upload a 250mb video but the app was forced to close.	bug report
The new Mobile absolutely sucks like there's no getting used to the absolutely mess that the new u.i is, the old one was simple and easy to navigate, give us a choice on which we want to use instead of tell us to just get used to it. Do better devs	feature request
Wonderful experience good sound nice and clear picture	irrelevant information
This app has given me the opportunity to remain in contact with my high school classmates.	irrelevant information
Amazing app! use it to talk to my friends everyday. Totally recommend it!	irrelevant information
After using this for SO long and absolutely loving it, it doesn't support sms messages. Now I have to use 2 messaging apps. That is extremely annoying. That was not a good move on your part. Now debating whether or not to keep it.	feature request
The app has always worked for me, but now it instantly crashes on my Nexus 5 on both Dalvik and ART runtimes.	bug report
This app has been all over the place the last year. First it was working great. Now the signal is terrible. No one can hear me or I lose connection as soon as I answer or the other person answers. I'm an android user so now anyone with an IPhone never receives my texts. I am paying for this app monthly. I feel like I'm wasting my money on something that barely works even on wifi 😒	bug report
Needs a new update. Messages won't send (using data or wifi) and I can't	bug report
is still gud but I'm not a fan of the new update for mobile, mostly for how they changed visuals, won't let me accept terms for the new monetization term, got screenshot proof for it	feature request
It stays shutdown	bug report
One star off because direct messaging makes things cluttered. You cant leave dms, only archive them, and archived chats dont send notifications when new mesages come in.	feature request
It'll sign me in for a day at most then it logs me out saying there's an error with my email. I check my email and it's fine and even after trying so many different emails and attempts it won't let me log back in	bug report
They're mocking us at this point. It is increasingly clear that they do not care one bit about their users or our feedback, only their investors. Review after review is getting a terrible canned reply from the "dev" and it's so tone deaf it's insulting. (EDIT: their review reply bot already insulted me) Theres no other explanation than they are openly mocking their userbase at this point. What a truly awful UI update and a truly awful response from their customer service. Be better, Discord.	feature request
Good phone app ..but also it must be a good hacker app to..	irrelevant information
Ive been using this app for almost 2 yrs now and after this new update,whenever i use voice notes it wont send and kick me out of the app..pls fix this.	bug report
It was good but then the update with all the squiggly lines made it run slower.	bug report
So ugly:( why no colours? Why no new cute mojis or smilies? Looks as an 10yrs old app	feature request
Good app, needs some improvement in large groups in connectivity.	feature request
Really good to use	irrelevant information
Crashes, spontaneously disconnects from wifi, slows phone to a halt	bug report
It has to be one of the best open source apps! Functional, seeming secure, I have not tested extensively and works great when bridging the Apple/Google ecosystem divide when messaging ... Do you need a group that has more members than iMessage will allow? Need a group with both Android and IOS users together? Need it to be secure? Need to send larger files? You found it!	feature request
Not sure know more late	irrelevant information
decline in its popularity. Too bad! It was so useful!	irrelevant information
this app has been a lifesaver,, the service is on point !!!	irrelevant information
There are some bugs in the app.In a voice chat sometimes it shows the mic is on but actually it is off and same for the camera ,also when you turn off the mic the app is still using mic as shown by a green dot on status bar of phone. please takd a look into it.	bug report
Good experience on Skype thank for this app just easy to call our loves ones thank you again skype	irrelevant information
This is a fabulous app for group texting, but with the new update you can't scroll through pictures anymore. Super disappointing!!	feature request
Signal is deprecating the ability to use SMS. I wanted an app that would be secure, but still be backward compatible to sms. With this removal, Signal becomes no better than every other encrypted messaging software. A colossal blunder, and will cost them a HUGE part of their user base. Very stupid move!	feature request
talking to ALWAYS hears an echo and there is a huge time delay with the	bug report
I find to text now it's easy to use and I'm able to have another phone from my!!	feature request
my skype didnt ring whenever i recieve calls, most of the time im having problem with the video coz its freezing.please improve this problem	bug report
Alright but you have to earn minutes	irrelevant information
the stars i gave is just because of the name "BRIAN ACTON"	irrelevant information
Txt portion of app works great, did had some issues making and receiving calls	bug report
Haven't had it long enough to rated it	irrelevant information
Meh it's alright! The app claims it needs an update but doesn't update. And byw I'm not paying for your sh=ty app	bug report
Bots are spamming my inbox and I can't even get to the chats I need, no	bug report
Worst UI update yet. Slow, buggy, and infuriating to navigate. Canceled my Nitro. If it ain't broke, don't fix it Discord ffs	bug report
Signal became okay once I understood how to use it without using my mobile carrier's texting number. It would be nice if that were more clear. Also, it "expires" FAR too often for my taste, and each time that happens, I have to relink my other devices; that is an infuriating annoyance. If I can't use ONE stable version for 12 months, it's usefulness, to me, is severely diminished. The updates have become quite tiring.	feature request
its good over all but the some issues I find really annoying are when I'm in a call with someone and I turn my Bluetooth off and it switches to phone instead of speaker which turns my screen black if I have something over my camera. the other issue is that when I switch channels or servers the previous text stays up and I have to re open discord to get where I want to go	bug report
One of the reasons I like discord is because it did things unique to other social media and didn't try to be a clone, it knew it's niche and it did it well, but over the last year it seems hell bent on joining the race to the bottom by being a twitter & whatsapp clone. I wouldn't bother anymore Update: Discord's response doesn't help anything as per usual, maybe if 17% of your staff were still there I'd have gotten a decent response.	feature request
Signal is very good from what's app.. And full secure	irrelevant information
I am trying to get my password changed by clicking on the forgotten password but when i do nothing pops up like it should exstreamly frustrating and now its saying i have tried to many times!!!	bug report
Very secure and good app no adds just peace full everyone should use this app instead of WhatsApp	irrelevant information
I love the app, Infact in my opinion it was the greates form of Voice call for me back in the days. NOW. Theres a Major problem for me. Everytime i try to join a vc using wifi it always says "Connecting" But when i use fast data it works. Ive tried alot of ways to fix this but none of em worked. Unless you guys find a way to fix this im sorry about the review.	bug report
App has started spawning full screen ads plus the ads in list of messages. It often fails to notify despite setting for notifications turned on. Phone calling is horrible. Cuts out, pops, echo. Very cheap. Messages will jump (move) up and down to force user to click an ad. Sending photos or video is hit and miss.	bug report
Good points:  Can call and talk to whoever you need to for free, as long as they have their Skype account and wifi too.  Group calls And for a miniscule group of users which I've never seen anyone in my Skype contacts use: the story like function-esque from snapchat.   Bad points:  Microphone choice might go from speaker to headset upon notification, media, or randomly. The layover thing in a call is extremely annoying. Please do fix.  The Skype suggestion/complaints things really could use some help, I've read replies from Google app ratings/review to contact them within the app to complaint or suggest. Done that, no reply, nor notification. So uh yeah, here's a review you guys honestly deserve.	bug report
Idk about it its ok it wont let me call	bug report
Constantly not sending texts and shutting down...	bug report
I wouldn't recommend this app to anybody, it's not free. But you need to receive a text message like a verification code from an employer you can expect to pay for it. The keypad doesn't even work during a live call for your "free phone call" I suggest looking for an alternative free app not this one. Give me free service to change my mind	bug report
Having to give access to all my pictures to attach one prof Pic for work.	feature request
The application is awesome free text,calls etc...but these ads are becoming more annoying I'm gonna get me a hacked paid version of it because I'm not gonna pay for some silly ads to come off plus this it's not some app I use all the time but I come back and use it because it's a great app . Otherwise yep 3 stars for the great app 2 stars for poor ads	feature request
Change the UI back	feature request
I can't get pics or send pics at all!	bug report
I cannot find back this specific app on my Google play store and I'm at a road block. I want to install on a next phone but each time I search for this textfree, I just can't seem to find it.pinger Inc please for a solution	bug report
Problems galore. My camera keeps disappearing during video calls. Calls and texts are often missed simply because it isn't ringing. Not reliable.	bug report
Then started getting daily Pinger messages about games with no way to block. I don't mind ads (I know they have to make money somehow)  but daily sales text ads got old fast.	feature request
Clearing chat history didn't works. It looks like convos go away but they don't.	bug report
Effective and efficient!	irrelevant information
Good reliable game talk and updates about what a player is doing and also a good way to communicate with other people that can talk about the games they like	irrelevant information
I downloaded text now and was unable to finish setting up the account now they won't let me said something like I was using the app for wrong reason I never got the chance to use the app so how was I using it against their policy. Use to think text now was a great app never had any problems but now I'm not so sure	bug report
sucks half the time takes my money but works after u restart it a few times.	bug report
1 star now I have ordered 2x now a sim card with not even a delivery .. and I'm irritated I pay 7 a WEEK TO BE ADDLESS WHEN I SEE OTHERS PAYING 1.99. HOW COME? I use this as a second line, I pay same as major carrier. They don't nickled & dime me. Verizon, going back to them. I've got no sim..x 2..no refunds.. I got no way to contact you. I like my number so much I locked it in...update 10/30/23. I STILL have no sim card. No contact except website. ? Um phone to call to you please. Good grief	bug report
I helps when m is turned off	irrelevant information
Great for keeping up with my sons sports	irrelevant information
Sometimes there is problem with mic button	bug report
Great app to communicate with everyone, but when you add people it is really confusing, you add the names to the list, then when you hit the check mark in the corner to say your done, it shows a note at the bottom saying they could not be added, but when you exit it shows that they were added. Seems like it could be a easy fix	bug report
Why is it automatically changed when I select a number?	feature request
generally easy to use, but not easy to delete specific conversations.	feature request
I'm having some problems. I receive messages from my friends but it doesn't download it and looks like they're trying to send me a picture when it's just an image. also when I'm on strong wifi or have good service my messages don't send sometimes and it takes forever it fix it. I'm tired of uninstalling and reinstalling this app. I'm not sure I or you guys need to do to fix that	bug report
It really awesome ✅	irrelevant information
working and I have had no replies to my 4 feedbacks	irrelevant information
Good app. Love the extra security.	irrelevant information
App trash	bug report
Latest major update broke a bunch of stuff. I now have to force restart to get messages to show up, and the UI doesn't update when I send messages, but the message does send, so I end up sending the same message repeatedly with re-hits of the send button. This is on vanilla Android. Did you do any testing at all??	bug report
No ability to paste images in the public chat	feature request
Simple operation. Amazing	irrelevant information
Addicted to this game but annoyed with the ads	irrelevant information
I'm keeping it real I have been using this app for years but over time it's	irrelevant information
This app works great as long as you have a strong WiFi connection	irrelevant information
App erased somehow after I paid the 4.99 fee I saved every thing to my phone it's all gone and I don't remember my email, username, phone number and password. How can I get it back? Please help me get it back the money is off my debit card.	bug report
Clumsy, non-intuitive. Google msg app is easier to use.	bug report
Love it seems pretty private would be cool too call people	irrelevant information
Great platform	irrelevant information
I've used GroupMe for years, works so much better than group texts which always seems to leave off a couple people.	irrelevant information
Update. Nov 20 2022 After last update, the pop-up ADS from text free app is fixed . I hope this app work as years ago, smooth and usefully to anyone . Thanks to the text free team 👍	irrelevant information
The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that there's always some issue when trying to add someone with just their phone number when they ready downloaded the app	feature request
The te ting port in is great, but I drop a lot of phone calls. I use this number as a business line for work and it sucks that I drop as many calls as I do.	bug report
I would've gave it a five star but there should be a minor fixes. for example; one time i was calling my friend but she said if i were mute since she couldn't hear me i find it odd since i was talking and told them. I couldn't find whats the problem whatsoever. Second; Verification email. I do have an email and i keep pressing the button to verify my email but when i checked it i couldn't find anything. In my inbox and spam. Well it might be me since i don't often use my email but i checked.	bug report
When I tired to open Signal, asked my phone, but it did not give me verification code. So I tried many time but it is not OK. Why? I think it should be easy to use it if my phone number is correct. Or else should ask my email as well if doubted.And it is confused to confirm if it is human or not. Picture given is not that clear and not mentioned how many do we need to choose. Felt depressed now. Thanks	bug report
What app man this app is good I can talk with my friend but there is some glitchs but this app ok 👍	bug report
New gui horrible	feature request
It takes over a minute to open a message and usually it closes itself before the message opens.	bug report
Look I don't have my phone I'm headed to get one asap	irrelevant information
Very convenient... nice to have this to fall back on in MANY situations, and free!? It's like a sore dick... you CAN'T BEAT IT!!! LOL!😁	irrelevant information
It works fine but when i need to call somebody and have no WiFi eek 😔 but other then that it's fine.	feature request
Won't load. Error and won't sign in	bug report
it’s a great app and all but when i bought nitro (the expensive one) i didn’t get it? i don’t know if it’s a bug or something. . .	bug report
The app is good juat the notifications maje cause problem in some situations	bug report
Uninstalling for ONE reason: Does NOT offer unlimited calls, texts, or MMS. It's 2023! What second phone number app doesn't offer you unlimited, especially for $8.99 a month/$95 annually? I believe the plan offered less than 1000 minutes, and that was for a SMALL BUSINESS?? I'm honestly shopped right now. Other than that, I loved the phone number selection process... That was the best thing about the app.	feature request
Haven't used in years But when I go to sleep a Latino guy hacked my phone and use it against my Will when I am sleeping	bug report
It's ok so far	irrelevant information
They have too many commercial and ads I hate it and wen u skip it make my screen black. I have to close the window just to dail again	bug report
App does not work well with android. They need to take down works with every phone. Tried two different phones here and no luck	bug report
Pictures never send it's trash.	bug report
When I receive an incoming call, it doesn't save it in inbox after I hang up. Be nice if it showed calls that dialed me.	feature request
Not a fan of the new mobile UI. Having to open the search to look at the member list of a channel instead of swipe has been frustrating. Don't like the new bottom navigation menu. Much rather use the desktop version when I can.	feature request
It sucks won't work right won't let me text or call so I uninstalled it it glitches out when I call so until you fix it I don't want it	bug report
It is a great way to speak but it is very glitchy	bug report
I love this but my friend is saying bad word with this app please remove it it's not good if somebody else say it it might be a disaster everyone will say bad word and discord you are the one in trouble so I'm trying to just say remove the bad word feature please I don't like it	feature request
Anytime a "free" app has intrusive advertisements that are able to completely cutoff my usage of said app's possible features and abilities to the point i have to close out the advertisement before I am able, or better yet, before it is even possible to continue to use the application,to any degree, as it is intended or otherwise. I have to wonder, have I got the application because I enjoy my ability to close out of intrusive pop-ups? Not likely. ZERO STARS.	bug report
I downloaded text now thus past Nov temporarily until I could get a new phone. I downloaded the free version. Nov 30, Dec 11, 18, 26 7.67 has been coming out of my bank account. Why? I need reimbursement immediately!!!!	bug report
App for free calling and texting	irrelevant information
Sometimes I don't receive a personal message from a person who sent me a message, and vice versa.	bug report
Awful after update its hard to use please change it back	bug report
voice quality is good. easy to use.	irrelevant information
It's a great app. I can't find a way to delete chats.	feature request
They force you to pay for verification codes	bug report
I hate the new UI. Especially that I can't swipe left to see a simplified list of the server members. Or that the ability to narrow your search to a specific channel has been removed. Like, I can't search "in: #general from: username" anymore. And I hate that the app settings location has been changed to a little gear icon at the top of my profile. Edit: Thanks for the reply, but these are not bugs that can be fixed by reinstalling the app. These are changes you made to Discord's UI. Do better.	feature request
It stells you Gmail So don't even try It	bug report
Update: A horrible new mobile update prevents from users being able to check the members inside of a server. It's also the classic nitro, useless nitro you're not able to have a custom profile anymore. You can not create servers as quickly as back then. Please return to the original layout.	feature request
Awful update. Stripped all intuitiveness for no reason	feature request
perfect for keeping a bunch of ppl on the same page for planning a big trip etc	irrelevant information
I bell ive its a good app worth 5	irrelevant information
Great service and reception. Clear audio, but I don't have an answer button so I can't answer calls.	feature request
Call clearity issue, and "call logs not available," plus no online status!	bug report
Not as user friendly as WhatsApp but I am new to it. Maybe with more use it'll be easier.	irrelevant information
What ever was causing my problems must have been fixed. Some times I had to make the same call more than once before it would make the other persons phone ring. As of lately things seem to be operating with no hic-ups. I am very happy with the apps operation.	irrelevant information
Please bring back the time stamp for each comment! Thanks for trying with the emojis, they still need work tho. Also, I want to delete convos not just hide them. Patiently waiting.	feature request
Enjoying group chats with my colleagues all in one spot!	irrelevant information
Horrible app would not recommend calls constantly drop if they even go through in the first place smh.	bug report
Excellent app, intuitive and most importantly not linked to Meta. Would love some form of cloud backup integration to help port import chats to another phone.	feature request
cant open using android phone	bug report
It's nice. Haven't ran into any problem.	irrelevant information
I'm editing this review. Recently the app started glitching so much I just can't stay without saying anything. In android, when I send a pic, the progression mark on top right corner doesn't disappear even after being sent. And the pics often get cut in half in the screen. You can't see the whole pic without opening it. It was better when you could queue a photo and send a message beneath it. But now, when you do that, if the messege manages to reach before the pic, the pic is sent later.	bug report
Having trouble using the search bar. It keeps saying We dropped the magnifying glass. Try searching again. Why does this keep happening? It's rather annoying.	bug report
Won't let me post pics. Everytime I try I get a meme screen and when I try to post a pic it posts a black box!! Please fix this!! Others can post in my groups why can't I?? I have an LG K92 5G phone	bug report
Can't use this to verify a phone number...	bug report
I thought I paid to keep my #. now they telling me. I'm going to lose it...smh	bug report
Search in conversation feature never works for msgs older than 1 yr	bug report
Slow as an ant :) when you open it, you wait, wait, wait, click not to close the app a couple times.. and after a couple of minutes, you are good to go ^^	bug report
It freezes on Android all the time when first opening the app now. Otherwise amazing tool	bug report
Wish it had more options for messaging and more free mins	feature request
When i send a message or get a message I don't get it on time or my friends don't get it till later or till the next day please fix	bug report
Only been using signal for a week but so far so good!	irrelevant information
usually great but lately... like for example I just now received notification of a call that came in at 759	bug report
The reason why I gave it to a 2 stars is the connection problem. I have good Wi-Fi but it won't let me chat because the connect thing at top. I actually waited like 2 hour and it's won't work. I tried unstall then installed AND airplane mode in and out. Still I'm giving this 2 star, I'm gonna update yall!	bug report
I'm new to the App, but it seems to be pretty good.	irrelevant information
Very good site no issues	irrelevant information
After a text a pop up comes out. Before the ads were at the bottom which didnt bug so much but now theyre annoying.  still works fine though	bug report
Perfect for free calls and text over WiFi. The Only flaw is calls must be in a strong signal range or they won't go through, sound broken up, or get dropped. EDIT: YOU SERIOUSLY NEED TO STOP THESE FULL PAGE ADS AFTER A CALL THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS	bug report
Freezes within a few seconds of starting up. Useless.	bug report
The new overall ui update is inaccessible, clunky and annoying to navigate. The inability to go back to the old format is poorly thought out aswell for those who cannot use the new format. Dms have a separate tab and trying to check whos online replies to messages. Some things are better off staying manual. I hope that soon the ability to switch back will be added, or atleast removing the swipe to reply and moving dms back above servers.	feature request
There was nothing to do with the app, but the person I was talking to.	irrelevant information
Despite not giving permission to sync contacts, the app does it secretly in the background.	bug report
It doesn't cm	bug report
Great video chat!!! ☺️	irrelevant information
Slow with Andriod phone but very private	irrelevant information
I think this has been an amazing opportunity to make extra money vv	irrelevant information
it stopped working for the first time today after 5+ years of using it. I had no more lockscreen with passphrase then i enabled app lock and changed PIN for periodical verification. The new lock screen looks very different now (new version?) and after inserting the system screen unlock code, i get the message: "Unfortunately Signal has stopped". Even removing system screen lock i get same error Perhaps something got corrupted, a simple "reinstall" could avoid a new install which i'll have to do.	bug report
Its good when need it	irrelevant information
It's been a solid so for years. Latest iteration is broken on Android. Either use it on a different platform or get something that works.	bug report
Its An Alright Ap	irrelevant information
Worst experience i am not able to join any group	bug report
Sorry for the 4 stars, also I know this is a rate thing but I wanted to ask if you could do something, like I don't know how to say it but, instead of only being able to send 5, maybe make it where we can send more? Maybe 20 or 10, I take a lot of screenshots when I play with my brother on this game called Roblox, I need to delete them but I wanna send them to my mom before I do that, so yeah...	feature request
Great app I talk to my friends on it all the time but for some reason I cannot send images/videos ANYWHERE, this hasnt been a problem at all ever and now it just constantly fails at letting me send anything, ive deleted and reinstalled the app, restarted my phone and yet it wont work and Im really annoyed because I use my phone to send most images on discord	bug report
Great way to talk	irrelevant information
Extremely slow since latest update 21 Sep (Samsung S9) Shows unavailable if we call each other - At the same time - Or sometimes for no reason Good sound and video quality :)	bug report
It takes so long to load.. My WiFi is good but it will take a while to load, I tried resetting the app still the same..	bug report
Has been great other than recently, haven't been recieciving my incoming text messages and its very annoying	bug report
Cant enable the sim card they sent!! I was using this service for a while and they wanted 99 cents for a new sim card. I can only use this phone now on wifi...	bug report
App is very sensitive and if you change any settings on your phone, not the app, you risk loosing everything in the app itself. Make sure you back up your messages weekly if not daily to your phone or another trusted site, not this app. I lost text messages from loved ones that have since past. Messages I've kept in the app, gone forever. Tried backing up app prior to loosing messages and the app saved it somewhere, I don't know where it went.	bug report
One of the....	bug report
Yall are destroying the app with these updates nore and more now barely anything will load.	bug report
While using the app sometime it shows verify your email id	bug report
Three stars is all you get until the developers sit up and take notice that deleting SMS capability from the app was a bad mistake. Otherwise, the app is a great app, and when the developers fix the SMS issue (when they come to their senses and include it once again in the app), you will receive a five-star rating. Not really understanding what they are trying to do here, possibly other than turn 100 million users into half that. Deleting SMS capability has ticked off a lot of users.	bug report
not happy with the sudden unnecessary changes and having issues constatly lately	bug report
Great app me and my friends love	irrelevant information
Very fun runner with unique gameplay and story	irrelevant information
sad :( i dont like rhe n3w usernames... i miss the numebes... :'(	feature request
It's a great and useful app, but I'm having issue with my notifications going off. So I end up missing a lot of messages.	bug report
The best phone app. in Google play store hands 👇 !!! 😊	irrelevant information
More garbage from the Play store App should be great but let's you down. Can't send SMS messages, can't send pics, can't import texts from stock app. Oh well bye bye Signal	bug report
Don't work in my country.	irrelevant information
I want to know the motha f$#& this piece of d$@% app hasn't been working for a month now. Is nobody c@&#-suckin monitoring it or what the actual f&$%?!	bug report
Its awsome i just wish i had more minutes	feature request
It great. My only issue is I can't receive pictures.	feature request
I can't get a new number	bug report
The mobile update feels extremely poorly designed and reminds me of a qoute, "if it isn't broken don't fix it." Meaning if you fix a problem that doesn't exist you can make things worse. I recommend only using discord on a pc and not mobile app. 1 star only because of this terrible mobile ui update. Please allow us to use the old layout again.	feature request
I remember the thingamajig being light blue instead of purple... xD	irrelevant information
So I don't get push notifications and can't see my messages unless I physically open the app. And when does android version get the same updates as the iOS version.	bug report
Works every time Im on it.	irrelevant information
Keeps showing me as online whenever I open the app. Even if I manually change my status to busy or offline, if will automatically show me as online within a few seconds. Annoying and causes misunderstandings :( This issue is still here and it's been 5 months.	bug report
I called for your promised support and work. Nothing was done. My account is the way I was living and need it still. Lost my job, and connection back in my daughter's life. Lost my mom, left without pictures and text because of this. Lost my emailing accounts. This is the worst customer service and employees. Very much unsatisfied. Needed new sim card and was refused. Felt discriminated and no remorse or efforts	bug report
Never works even though i pay for nitro please fix.	bug report
It's been a great app, but in the last week or two, it has stopped notifying me of new messages, so I miss the messages for sometimes multiple days until I reopen the app. If this got fixed, I would up the rating.	bug report
Crashed every single time I wanted to do something other then send a message, until they fix this burning trashpile of an app just use the browser or PC versions	bug report
Having major issues with voice channels. No one can hear me and I can't hear them. Can't join any channels on Xbox series X, either.	bug report
It would be really great if you guys provide search feature in Chat. Thanks!	feature request
Bugs keep happening that messes up the UI and i have to reinstall every time	bug report
The newest update is complete rubbish. Such a step back in so many ways. It legitimately feels like an app in an early beta stage. C'mon guys.	feature request
Dropping my review down to 2 because I don't know how you made this app worse. The new mobile ui is so laggy when switching tabs and it's worse when in a VC. The update really just did not feel necessary at all	feature request
It really sucks having to use two apps for texting	feature request
Why I kept 4star because we can only add 4 members only too sad if not You also go like Webex app or is famous in india only sometimes I will use this app but ok all the best Thanks to Skype	irrelevant information
Good app but could be better SERIOUSLY! I expected better from Pinger folks since they have been in the VOIP business for years. Problem 1: It would ring but disconnect before the call. You have to reset app. The wifi to data transition for call is pretty terrible compared to Hangout. I am getting sign in to Samsng network messages with your SIM everyday Problem 2: You are done with call but can't hang up. You have to clear cache at minimum so it actually ends the call.	bug report
New update is garbage, slow, and cumbersome. Change it back.	bug report
I have zero interest in Signal aggressively informing me about who joined Signal. Just let me chat.	feature request
The signal is not good at times however it beats not having a way to make a call at all	bug report
Call quality is terrible & calls constantly drop	bug report
I would prefer it if i could see if person i want to chat is on line.	feature request
Easy to use! Doesn't let me expand on group participants' profiles when I click on them though?	feature request
Been with discord since 2017 or earlier. I've seen it grow, I've learned with it, and with over 50 servers under my belt I can honestly say I'm a huge supporter ♡	irrelevant information
Sure its encrypted before u send it but everyone can see what u write before u encrypt it lol.	irrelevant information
I have like the other vers from discord where your servers are in a map only the problem is I cant ho to other servers may a glitch I have or everyone and how to get it again ?	bug report
Push notifications were finally fixed, thank you for addressing that and responding to my initial comment. App still lags my advanced s8 and is not capable of sending video! It just keeps trying to send forever. It'll do the sending icon thing for days	bug report
To many ads not working right	bug report
if it worked without WiFi it would be perfect	feature request
the app stops downloading at 82% bur i had it before ir didnt do this	bug report
New update made the app unnavigable. It is unresponsive	bug report
Whats with the stupid notification to change my username and that wouldnt go away till I went to change my username that I do not want to change!!??!?!?!????	bug report
Great so far.	irrelevant information
Wish I could have the old version back!	feature request
If I could I'd make it negative five stars	bug report
Biggest waste of time on the internet	irrelevant information
Texts are not sending though it shows they are. The recipients (myself included, texting my factual number) are not receiving my sent text messages. Please fix or there truly isn't any reason to keep installed *EDIT there are no updates available	bug report
Appreciate the way our church is using this platform as another form of communication.	irrelevant information
Worked fine at first now when I get calls the phone does not ring. I just receive notification that someone called after all the trouble shooting still malfunctioning	bug report
Good. Nice to be onboard	irrelevant information
Calling sucks.. drops all the time or chippy.... texting is great tho	bug report
It has been very good so far! This is the first time that I have used it and will continue to since I have been very pleased!!	irrelevant information
It's a great phone call app, I use it as a backup for my other smartphone.	irrelevant information
App is good, but it won't let me receive SMS messages. Sad because I used this app to make, a telegram to keep in contact with my significant other.	bug report
Love it it a good way to communicate with a the group of people	irrelevant information
It rings and after I can't hear a thing so if I could rate a zero that's what it would be	bug report
The Signal app now only lets me see new messages once I open the app. It doesn't send me notifications anymore. I've tried uninstalling it and downloading it again and nothing's worked.	bug report
They randomly deleted my phone number I've had for years without any notice - never using this stupid app again.	bug report
Can you not use this to verify on social apps?	irrelevant information
Disrespecting Islam 🕋🕌	irrelevant information
Best app to talk and chat with your friends for gamers	irrelevant information
Owned by a racist company	irrelevant information
A lot of freezing and delays really I rate this app a 0 thumbs down till the freezing stops this app is useless,and a waste of my. Time	bug report
Just tried getting my old number back and it says oops someone just snatched it . I call my old number and it says line is not in service. So not only did they lie once with saying someone conveniently snatched my number as I asked for it back and was top result but it also lied about the number being taken IN THE FIRST PLACE. Y'ALL ARE PETTY AND MAKING IT MORE ANNOYING. support hasn't been available	bug report
None for my area code	irrelevant information
The new update is not mobile user friendly. I can no longer easy swipe to where I need to go. The new UI is so buggy, it makes using the app frustrating and useless. Messages won't send, servers are messed up. Having to click to get anywhere is frustrating, when before you just had to swipe to get somewhere. While it's just as easy, it is not mobile user friendly. Especially when before all you had to was swipe to get anywhere. It was the best thing about the app. Please revert the app.	feature request
No notifications when you get a text. You have to open app every time. Completely useless.	bug report
Yeah, its a good messenger, and is hassle free. Im not a security expert, so cannot comment on that, but the rest , the chatting part is comfortable.	irrelevant information
Would've been better if the call feature was working in the uae but still it's a pretty good app	feature request
its good for texting but it wont let me update it so i cant use it	bug report
This app was perfect. Then they removed sms support. Now I have no use for it.	feature request
so far, so good. hope a update to this review isn't needed	irrelevant information
Can't see the texts sent to me	bug report
Tried for a few months now and have had to change my review. Lot of problems with sending messages and dropping calls. Afraid il be deleting this app and giving telegram a try.	bug report
god damn bro whats with the laggy ui	bug report
Garbage app used by scammers. Once you create an account it will never let you delete it as it will just give you an error and blame your network! NEVER use this app!	bug report
I can only send videos under 15 secs and when my friends send videos, they end up to be 3 secs at the max. And they amount of ads are annoying. And, when I let my friend use my phone, she typed in a random number, and it's not a real one. And when I try to delete it, it says I can't.	bug report
My skype cam is not working... What should i do	bug report
I like it but it cliches my iPhone	irrelevant information
I think the fact that you couldn't even include an option to switch back to the old UI (like you did with the first time you changed it) is really scummy, and not something many would expect from a dominator in the messaging sector. I know for sure that 99% of users preferred the similarity between the desktop app and the mobile app. please, do everyone a great favour, and bring back the GOOD UI.	feature request
I don't like the new app, it's confusing and has nothing to do with the old one which we are used to	feature request
For some reason just a few minutes ago my discord completely kicked me out of all my servers and I don't understand why. So until this problem is fixed I won't be using it anymore.	bug report
its very usefull and secqurity feature very best	irrelevant information
Tons of ads that take up more than half the screen. Slow, lags. Kills youre battery beyond fast. Glitchy on the keyboard.	bug report
Works perfect for me. 🙂	irrelevant information
make it smoother.	bug report
My only grief is battery drain with this up while on video call. On 1 he conversation it will drain about 60% battery on my pixel 7 Pro comparing to Whatsapp about 20% and FB messenger which only drained 15%. Signal developers really need to look at ways improving this aspect. It should be priority!!! I can't have the phone on charger all day to use the video call feature that's insane. Dropping sms support is nice step backwards, great job. Uninstalled the app and left the platform for now.	bug report
II don't know about this, man.	irrelevant information
Good one	irrelevant information
Good messaging app.. however I cannot find a way to delete messages	feature request
After the last update, i not be able to multi task while video call someone	bug report
Signal seems to be extra! I really love the user interface, really intuitive. nevertheless, my contacts need to have a signal account for me to send them SMS...	feature request
App is ctually worse than garbage.. I have a Galaxy Note20 and on android it's SO SLOW that it makes me want to physically hurt people from rage. I clear the cache, shut down EVERY OTHER APP, uninstall and reinstall, and yet the app will NOT respond to touch no matter what I do. Writing my family's server causes me stress and anxiety to a point where I avoid messaging back if possible, which is NOT ideal. Please fix this issue	bug report
Way too easy to accidentally delete data, lost all my sms messages while TRYING to back them up before moving off signal since they won't support it anymore. 2 years of texts gone.	bug report
Awful....like going back in time...	bug report
Love this app 🤩 I recommend it to anyone needing a backup and or 2nd line	irrelevant information
Can you please address the issue that the app can't verify my phone number after 2 days of trying?	bug report
The account limitation thing is annoying and pisses me off i havent sent anything bad on my account or said anything bad or spammed nobody I'm trying to text people like normal and I can't text no one for the next 24 hours 😡	bug report
Used to be great but now, wont log in. It sits there saying its logging in but doesn't..	bug report
Can't find existing groups after changing phone	bug report
This is a good app I can call and text my friends but I can't used it with out WiFi	feature request
This is a good app	irrelevant information
Sucks since bought by Microsoft	irrelevant information
I can't believe how bad they've made the app in the last 3 months. Every update they make the UI clunkier and slower. Useful swiping gestures are gone, you can reply 2 seconds faster, but if you want to check either sidebar, you're not doing it 1 handed anymore. And that's the main issue here actually, they've RUINED one handed usability. Horrible.	feature request
The new layout is trash and never should have existed to begin with. And now it's being forced to be used as you've removed the use old layout option. Bring back the old layout ffs, this new layout is trash.	feature request
Glad to have an option but they are hackable and don't keep you secure so you still are able to lose call logs and numbers. Too open to developers getting into apps and deleting or changing permissions and changing your passwords or turning phone off.	feature request
Another site that women scam me	irrelevant information
Discord mobile new update is glitchy, which is understandable, but the ui/ux is not intuitive like it was in the last iteration. Everyone is saying how confusing it is.	feature request
No more sms no more reason for signal uninstalling. Signal is discontinuing sms support. That means I have no reason for this app anymore.	feature request
They keep changing the UI, destroying years of my muscle memory for no real benefit as far as Im concerned. I could take or leave the themes and new icons. they're fine. I just dont wanna have to relearn how I interact with this app every 3 months. cannot reccomend you use it, because as soon as you get used to it, something is gonna change.	feature request
It's very irritating that I stop receiving notifications of new messages everytime that there is an update to the app and I haven't done it yet.	bug report
Calling anyone is literally trash.. Both sides of the call break up, my voice echoes and my calls drop🚮🚮	bug report
it is not as good as before. They have raised prices.	irrelevant information
Changed as they are removing support for SMS. It was a very nice feature to have the SMS integrated in my main messaging app.	feature request
Great content!	irrelevant information
please turn off auto compression it does the opposite of what it's meant to do	feature request
So far it's really good, I have not been, so I can't be raining at higher	irrelevant information
I receive msgs and I could open it, problem is, its gunna show nothin..	bug report
Does not let me create an account. Just crashes or throws an error that just says contact support, who don't answer.	bug report
This app sucks half the time i csnt make calls or even recive codes to get into an app without paying. I dont recomend this app to anyone	bug report
A good backup phone	irrelevant information
I really like it so far, if it works out good on this old phone then I'll be back with another 🌟 Ok well it doesn't want to load so let's go down to 2	bug report
Its a little hard to reorder the roles while im on mobile, thats it	feature request
Love this app except for when it freezes up and the only thing I wished this app had was a delete all button when you go to delete call history gets aggravating when you have to go one by one,!	feature request
Horrible update. Swipe left to view active members is gone, app constantly opens to the first server on the list instead of where I left it, and it's SLOW to open. Old app would open instantly to wherever I left off, now it shows a "no servers found screen before it loads all the servers. Revert this or we will move to guilded!	bug report
Why it is not showing last seen?	bug report
I got it	bug report
download speed could be a little better.	feature request
Current update has somewhat broke the app for me. I have to open and close regularly to get it working for long enough to do what I need	bug report
The new layout sucks. Anyone who has been using Discord for a hefty amount of time would not adjust to the new controls and layout as quickly, if not, at all. This was unnecessary, and at the very least, allow us the option to disable it. As a long-time discord user, I am greatly displeased about this myself. Please take your consumers' input into consideration.	feature request
Could not get through to my bank could access my money for 3 days	bug report
It slowly gets better, and I like the administrative options and customization. Lots of little things that could get worked out. Highlighted messages are hard to see in midnight mode. Some times events say 3 are interested, but only two are. Crashes are common. Leaving the app for a moment will have you leave a call while still displaying you in the call as though it never disconnected you. (Update: started freezing again. I wish I never edited my review to be so positive [above].)	bug report
Absolutely horrendous. Mic disconnects when it wants to, I can't get through a single phone call or video chat without something going wrong. Not to mention it has so many bugs! Sometimes new messages simply don't show up on the screen even though I get notifications that I got new messages.	bug report
After the new update, there's so many bugs and issues	bug report
Used to love it. Then it randomly stopped notifying me of messages. All notifications are on both in the app and on my phone.	bug report
You can no longer search within threads in a server. This is an essential feature that was recently removed in an update, and greatly affects my use of the app for the worse.	feature request
I have been using this app for 2 months now and enjoy the ability to reach new friends	irrelevant information
Liked it,loved it,want it	irrelevant information
Well in the begining is find Seem to send message very good But then its didnt let me send message anymore . Its said that my number is not available and told me to pick a different number. I pick a different one and still not work. Tried a at least 20 times and still not work. Does that mean they force me to buy a number from them? Not make sense!	bug report
this is right on time u can find everythink u look for thank u roseco peko	irrelevant information
Application don't recieve calls, messages and missed calls notifications whenever new update comes. I don't update the app automatically but my brother does. His app is always updated and mine is 1 step old and he always complain that we don't attend calls whereas I don't receive his calls or messages.	bug report
I love discord. I use discord every day. Discord is an essential for me to keep in touch with friends. But oh my god please for the love of everything FIX the Android version. It's such a mess. Pretty much every time I launch, I have to exit and re-enter to fix some stupid issue such as showing only half the emotes on the screen with the rest cut off, or showing me the exact same chat from a server even if I change to different servers, channels, or enter dms. There is a whole myriad of issues!	bug report
Discord text notifications hardly ever work. Sometimes I'll he notified hours later or not at all.	bug report
Very excited 😆😆	irrelevant information
I just found out that the Skype-out rates were hiked by 2-3x. Calling to US phones is now 11c/min!!! I got absolutely no notification about this even though I used the Skype-out almost daily. This sneaky tactic does not sit well with me. After more than a decade you lost me. No more payment for you!	bug report
I don't get notifications, worst	bug report
Now I am having an issue where I can't download pictures my friends use as references. It seems to be happening to a lot of other people as well.	bug report
I think since Skype was Built in it's not imo as good,,, I'm not getting notifications when I recieve an IM or Call ?? Please fix this ....	bug report
To many scams already someone trying to blackmail me	irrelevant information
easy to use! would like an option to delete messages sent in error or something but overall just awesome! (edit) My rate used to be 5 stars but lately the app doesn't let me post any gifs, every single time it gives me an error and it's so annoying, sometimes closing the app and reopen it makes it work but only a few times. Too bad I use it for work otherwise I'd uninstall for sure!	feature request
Good stuff, one gripe is the video is more pixelated, the tradeoff I guess for being secure	feature request
Can't send pic	bug report
Echo sounds	irrelevant information
I dont get notifications from this app on galaxy s4. Tried turning it off and then back on and restarting phone. Nothing works. Have to open the app to see of iv got something.	bug report
Most recent set of UI updates have made the app almost unusable for me. I mainly check 3 things for a server: are people in a voice channel, who's online, and DMs. Using this for weeks now and I can't get the hang of where to click and what to swipe 😥	feature request
The new UI is so ugly..bring the old UI back!!!!	feature request
Good app...but online offline don't show... please update people online or don't online line.	feature request
I love using this app ! It does kick me out off calls when i leave the app after like 5 minutes though. Thats ONE of its only flaws. I dont like the istant emoji thing, (from <3 to ❤) and its very annoying to go turn it off through chrome desktop mode.	feature request
This is Helpful it lets me do some of my bible studying with my bible teacher and most of the time it works Very good I this is better than zoom	irrelevant information
I love this app it's connect to my love ones	irrelevant information
I dont let me upload pics and wont let upload a short gif	bug report
Good quality video calls, but some fundamental flaws. Lots of pointless "social" features, but no indication which camera is active. Having to ask the other side what they're seeing seems ridiculous.	feature request
Sadly another negative review from me I'm afraid!! Tried to log in for the first time in a while (on my Android Tablet) and I barely log in before it totally freezes so I jave to shut the whole app down again!! Tried reinstalling, clearing data and cache but still it freezes!! Very disappponting and I doubt I shall use again.	bug report
Horrible if this has ads we should receive all benefits instead of paying for verification codes	bug report
It's been working for thanks	irrelevant information
Backup doesn't work. Connecting to a nearby device fails and using exported JSON data doesn't work because no file in JSON is found.	bug report
saying it's been inactive for month. Terrible customer service as well	irrelevant information
I loved the app but I'll add the missing star if you impliment this: people should not be able to know even if they have my contact saved that I'm using this app until I myself add them. I need this much of privacy	feature request
It's a great app I just don't like how it dosent have a FaceTime or anything to see if the person you sent something to has read it yet that would make it 20x better	feature request
I've used the app for years, but removing sms is a deal-breaker	feature request
Scammers hide hear	irrelevant information
For the most part it's an ok app but then at times it's terrible I'll be sitting here (phone volume for notications, media, calls and alarm all maxed) then it'll just light up and say "missed call" but wouldn't ring and sure enough go to check the notification and it registers a missed called but not once did it ring or show any indication I was receiving a call. Tried uninstalling and re installing, it's updated and still the issue is present	bug report
Cannot Save profile pic from the gallery, pls help.	bug report
I liked this app when i first downloaded it. But the current update will not allow you to copy messages posted to groups.	feature request
It sucks, never works right!! Never!!!!	bug report
Fabulous software.	irrelevant information
The mobile discord interface is very bad, I'm have constantly problems, the call screen stay cut and don't resolve.	bug report
it still is not great....	irrelevant information
It works great on my PC. But it doesnt work well in my phone. I couldnt get	bug report
Discord used to be amazing. Now I am going to cancel my nitro membership because there's too many bugs in what is supposed to be a stable version. Stop the company should stop trying to "enhance" what people love. You're just causing more issues.	bug report
What were you thinking disabling SMS? Used to be a decent app. In what world is *everyone* I need to text going to just accept my invitation to signal? Cruel trick. You're fooling yourselves.	bug report
Is not free  is $3 monthly	irrelevant information
Having issues calling out on the app. Keep getting the message to "try again later", but I'm able to text.	bug report
support results in no changes or improvements. Totally worthless app if	bug report
My conversations are not updating for the last few days. Restarted app, restarted phone... nothing helps. Please fix.	bug report
Absolute favorite messaging app. Works great and I love the features in the latest update.	irrelevant information
Why does skype use so much space?? Extremely disappointing. I had to delete all my apps inorder to get access to skype.	bug report
Constantly has to reload ...and I can't change my profile picture will not save.	bug report
Everytime I try to do anything it crashes, I love this app pls help fix it so I can keep it	bug report
If your a kid and u don't have a facebook this is not far u so go get a new texting app	irrelevant information
When it works, it's fine. But that's not often. If you swap to another app for a minute or two, then go back, you'll be greeted with connection issues. You have to remove the app from the recent list in order for it to connect again. This happen on WiFi or 4G/5G. The updated UI is a mess. It's harder to navigate and search conversations. When sharing content from other apps, Discord is missing. I used to be able to tap a friend's picture in the share sheet but those are gone.	bug report
What is it that makes it so difficult for you morons to do a simple update? Deleted. I'll happily erase everyone to make a point ....	bug report
Nothing free about it. Not if you value your time. To earn time for calls ( yes, I said EARN. Which by definition means it isnt free) You either have to constantly watch videos. Or spend 4 hours playing some game until you reach a certain level. Or take nearly 100 surveys. Just download Text Now. It's way better. And its actually free.	irrelevant information
Quality is great. However the rates could be better.	irrelevant information
Add an option so users can choose between old and new UI because new UI are not really good.	feature request
Good app but they keep changing the font and dont give us a choice between new and old options.	feature request
I'll tell you when I findout	feature request
Wow super	irrelevant information
So far so good, just started last week.	irrelevant information
WORST app ever. Barely functions and always force closes. Use any other app if you can.	bug report
Great source of group communication. Easy to set up and works without problems.	irrelevant information
There are way to many times where this app won't send or receive texts	bug report
New UI loads slow, cluncky and broken. If something works, don't fix or meddle it please!	bug report
I like this thatswhy i give 5star rating	irrelevant information
Cant hear most of the time. Freezes n delays	bug report
It's fine and good application for like We use what's app	irrelevant information
Works pretty well so far. This well ne perfect with mms direct without a Link...	irrelevant information
Why I do not get notifications when I receive Skype call? My notifications are on. For that readon 8I keep missing calls.	bug report
App keeps getting stuck since the latest update and their support page doesn't work with my account details. Can't change servers as it gets stuck, messages don't look live they've sent but you've actually sent about 50 at once. Worst update ever.	bug report
I updated and now ive lost emojicons im so disappointed bring it back please and ill give 5 stars for sure	feature request
safety and useful application for communication.	irrelevant information
Quality voice hearing over call	bug report
Real good it was real good experience	irrelevant information
Needs more mins and survey doesnt work for that	feature request
Since a few days now, the app is behaving weird. Like as if it is unable to connect or use the Internet. My other apps work fine. Pls help and solve the issue. I had sent a debug report a day or two back and I was able to send and receive messages later, but now it is back to how it was earlier. I can't even sent the debug report	bug report
The new update and redesign is not responsive at all	bug report
there, or spam of email addresses... to the point you cant find the	irrelevant information
I'd rather give it 2 1/2 stars the app works all right, no complaining there but the low stars are to many ads. Ads when you open it ads every messages you send. Ads in between different recipients. Basically to many ads. Recently my app stopped working. I have it on 2 devices and none of them will send or receive texts. Moving on to something else. I contacted developer and they're not responding. Too bad I don't want to loose my number.	bug report
Reliable back up phone when my service runs out	irrelevant information
Nice app good working	irrelevant information
Great messaging and calls	irrelevant information
Will not work and what sucks the most I need it for work, please fix the issues	bug report
we need discord LITE! just a a fully optimized mobile app with limited, but functional and important features.	feature request
Very fun game to play with friends!	irrelevant information
Tried calling, no connection!!Texting works,well some what!! This app has potential,but is swamped with add.. Can't concentrate on sending messages,bc of all the chatter from the adds!! Im totally disappointed! So many adds I don't want to use the app, seriously going to delete the app it's not worth the hassle save yourself the time!!	bug report
wish there were better notifications	feature request
Since the new Sim card update, my husband and I keep experiencing a very weird drop call event. The call starts breaking up and then we both hear an electronic boop boop repeated over and over. The call is essentially done at that point. It doesn't happen when we call non-textnow numbers. It's very irritating and never happened prior to the Sim update.	bug report
Discord is very good app I have samsung phone and when someone call me I just listen ringtone for once I mean ringtone don't play sound in loop	bug report
I love the app but I can't hear my cousin when I am calling her but she can hear me. So can you please tell me what is happening to me.	bug report
Sometimes doesn't work or problem with sound quality. Todqy is ok, however.	bug report
Great secure app, If you are looking for privacy and confidentiality, this is the right app	irrelevant information
Used to work well but now it doesn't translate properly if at all sometimes, it repeats whatever I say back to me, it stutters, it changes words. Sucks but there are no other options available	bug report
works providing you have WiFi	irrelevant information
Periodically deleted all my messages and forced me to restart my account	bug report
Wondering why I didn't have this year's ago	irrelevant information
Im unable to delete my recent numbers on the history list,please fix	bug report
I've been a long time signal user and have it set as my main messaging app. It's really disappointing seeing them take a step backward by removing SMS messaging. RIP to the end of an era	feature request
Performs as it always has	irrelevant information
Mytouch 3G . Let's me receive messages but not reply ?? Keeps saying message could not be sent.. needs to be fixed !	bug report
The new layout update on mobile is so much more difficult to navigate. It's ugly, and I'm unable to have multiple conversations like I could before because switching between chats takes forever. I love this app and I use it all the time, but the new layout is horrible.	feature request
Hello folks! Here is an excellent example of a frustrating, non-responsive, highly worthless free phone app. Well, I guess you get what you pay for. Meanwhile, the developers should take their day jobs more seriously, and let the experts handle the free phone apps from now on.	irrelevant information
notification never go through	bug report
The login tokens needs to be secured	bug report
Terrible app. I had been using the app for a year without any issues till yesterday. I used it mostly to receive text messages. I went to purchase a SIM card to add a plan and my account and phone number were revoked. I messaged TextNow on messenger since customer support does not exifor help and explanation. I was sent the agreement terms. No idea what I did wrong. They have complicated my life since I was using the number as a second line.😡 Sad. This app had potential.	bug report
On my Samsung I can't delete a message I post, but it looks like iphone users can. Why is that?	feature request
LOTS OF ADS w/FREE EDITION! ALMOST AN UNBEARING AMOUNT OF THEM! BEWARE! Then, you have to be online in order tl save contacts to the phone even if you're using this app and nøt android or ios contacts app. Pain, I know! At least I found his out so I could tell the world so they know cuz the app døn't tell you this timy tidbit of information! How rude! Other than those 2 things, nothing 2complain about, really. 💵🅰💴	feature request
No 911. So unsafe. Had emergency other day and couldn't get help, luckily no one got hurt but they could have. Shame on you for making people pay to use emergency services.	irrelevant information
Great app for group sharing!!	irrelevant information
I miss features of previous versions, but it's good enough for quick meetings and calls.	irrelevant information
Great app! I use it to keep in touch with my friends. However, calls cut out often.	bug report
App is a good concept but it is constantly missing messages being sent by both Android and iPhone users. This has been on going for years please fix already. Edit as of 11/28/18 app is borderline unusable on the Google pixel 2, the flagship phone for Google, the owner of Android... What a joke, only reason I haven't uninstalled is because it's the application my friends decided to use. The half of the messages that come through don't even get received until the user manually refreshes, EACH AND EVERY GROUP CHAT	bug report
This is very good I love that I can make new friends find out their personality and make groups for rpsw	irrelevant information
Everytime my verification times out,IT DOESNT LET ME TYPE IT AGAIN,Please fix this problem.	bug report
My skype name automatically appeard different letters ,how can I change ? When I tap Skyp name that shows only copy option ?how can I short that name ?	bug report
The app is quite good. But it has some issues like it takes a lot time to save profile changes. And also the app stops responding when you suddenly get a lot of messages	bug report
Shambles, cant verify number and charges you international rates to send a text message that doesnt work. Avoid.	bug report
I just started using it and I like it so far.	irrelevant information
Don't try to get technical help because it doesn't exist. For some reason my phone number no longer works and I've been paying for this number for the last 15 years. But I can't seem to understand why it's no longer available to me. Skype has no way of being able to help you other than sticking you in some kind of and wasting my valuable time. Incredibly poor customer service	bug report
Update 9-14-23: calling is the worst!! Never lasts more then a minute before reconnecting or hanging up, and have to switch to regular phone. Should sacrifice this and bring back SMS support. Old review: removing support for SMS messaging is lame it was one of the main reasons I was trying to get people to convert over cuz they could do both similar to like iMessage having two messaging apps such a pain. copping out with the response that it's hard to support and people were getting confused	bug report
This app works well for a cohort of 20+ students who need to communicate about online coursework.	irrelevant information
This app is quite good but still missing some features & facilities, also there are some glitch. 1. We are unable to send a file or media of big size. 2. Sometimes it's shows "Message not sent" & it's usual. 3. Archived chats get Revealed when there's a new message. 4. There's no option to clear the whole chat at same time than to delete it. Edit: 09.07.2023 Sometime it's shows that the microphone is on in background even if I'm not using Signal at that time.	bug report
I've had it for a year now	irrelevant information
Signal is reliable, secure and trouble free.	irrelevant information
Hands a bit.	bug report
Functions as a good forum, good luck searching for specific posts or something posted years ago.	irrelevant information
it's great when it wants to work like it should	bug report
I love Discord but this Android app is uneccessarily slow, sluggish, buggy and has a complex UI. Also the app size is pretty darn large for a mobile chat app. There's also the new logo, font and color redesign which is basically speaking terrible.	bug report
Best App Ever thanks	irrelevant information
The fixed portrait perspective and errors sending images via non-Wifi connections make newer services like Signal far more appealing.	bug report
can't download and very bad	bug report
Skype used to have it. Please bring it back	feature request
Great but... for an app allegedly designed by people like me. How dare you not let me move it to my SD card. I know that's an option you have the power to change easily. There's no excuse for this.	feature request
You don't get notifications IF YOU HAVE THE APP IN A FOLDER. So inconvenient and dumb. Wasn't getting any notifications. Deleted the app. Reinstalled. Checked my settings. Nothing. Took the app out of a folder and immediately was receiving them. Please fix this flaw.	bug report
Great messaging app and a good sense of security on top of it	irrelevant information
No problems . Good phone texts great . Very cool. ❄️	irrelevant information
Free with donations available, very responsive and easy to use, open source, end to end encrypted, and has video/voice call. What more can I ask for?	irrelevant information
I wouldn't give this full star because of glitches YOU SHOULD FIGURE OUT AND FIX IT	bug report
I'm using I'll wise 🦉❣️ so nice SIM	irrelevant information
Calls break up real bad	bug report
Was a good ap. Not sure what the fk happened to it now. Won't allow me to make a phone call. Says I need to allow a million permissions and it still won't make a call. Trash.	bug report
Very accessible and convenient	irrelevant information
Over all good service	irrelevant information
I can call , receive calls, n text fine.  However, when call is completed, I have to restart my phone to disconnect.	bug report
Really nice, the only problem i had with it is that when my phone died, i lost all chats i had because to migrate them from one phone to another, you require access to the previous phone which was dead as a brick	bug report
Unreliable glitchy	bug report
I was happy at first with the new update yesterday but when I went to use it today all it says is loading. Please fix. Thank you	bug report
While i like the new updates, the new UI sucked and you can't even switch back to the older UI, i would really prefer having the ability to switch back to the older UI, the extra step required to just use a certain feature make it really difficult to do normal task like checking member list, also swipe to reply is inresponsive sometime and hold to reply just feel better, i think the updated UI could've been done better or asleast gave us the option to switch back to the older UI	feature request
New update has absolutely killed this app. It's so slow and buggy and I have to wait 10 seconds for it to switch between servers and messages and I'm honestly thinking about uninstalling it and moving my server to patreon or something cause this is absolutely useless and bad for my brand.	bug report
Static and cuts service in and out and very slow with sending and receiving texts.	bug report
In my opinion it's a great app, I get to talk to all my friends from real life and from online.	irrelevant information
Its really slow recieving text.	bug report
New update looks very bad and is hard to navigate, would perfer the old version back	feature request
It so fun to talk to new people	irrelevant information
Love being able to connect with a group of people who are like minded and share interests.	irrelevant information
Working good so far.	irrelevant information
Inoperable - horrible menu, basics, basics, just get basics. The app doesn't work, and I'm not a free user.	bug report
Nice try d*ckheads. Delete this review too you c*nts	irrelevant information
This app is trash the app doesn't even show what texts or calls the vim's are even bad than phone and messages but yea y'all trash🙄	bug report
texting part is good Beside missed messages after a long time of not using the app ,wish you can customize a theme for it , I wish the calling feature can be improved to	feature request
Can't send or receive texts.	bug report
I was excited about this app and the cool features that arent avail on Pinger textfree... and i really wanted to like it ...but.... I understand having ads. I really really do... but do they have to pop up over where you are trying to type so you cant see or move the curser? I guess its a clever tactic to get you to click the ad by mistake and gain more revenue but it also impedes the main purpose and funtionality of the app.... and it's just annoying af. Back to Pinger for me.	feature request
Previous version was so much better 😞	bug report
It's really great the connection is very good and it doesn't waste time	irrelevant information
So far this is a dud. There is no app icon so I can only use it from Google Play	bug report
not FREE if you have to BUY CREDITS	irrelevant information
I like It I met new people and explored new servers if there was ten stars I'd put ten so yeah its gud	irrelevant information
Huge help when traveling with a group.	irrelevant information
Bing on Skype is incredibly irritating	bug report
Signal removing SMS support is the single worst decision they could make. Now, many of my contacts will no longer use signal and benefit from encrypted messaging. And I can no longer recommend signal to non-technical users who don't understand the difference between SMS and Internet-based messages. Very disappointing to see them focusing efforts on adding an unnecessary mobile coin wallet and removing core functionality.	feature request
Your services on mobile are very poor, the text is always glitching and it's Frankly annoying. Do better, Skype😡😡	bug report
I want to change my subscription but have been unable to access my account. Sent an email to support but never got a reply!	bug report
Most of the time it won't load and doesn't notify me when someone sends a message	bug report
was good until it wwomt let me sign in now what'd up with that please let me know	bug report
This app is pretty good. But, there re a lot of problems. #1 it kills your battery #2 it is complicated to set up. If you are a person who gets confused it may take you a lot of time to set group me up. #3 it is not user friendly, along with the setting up, this app always seems to "reset" every time you look at a attachment in one of your chats.   Over all it is a pretty good app for communicating with a group of people. There are just minor navigational and set up complaints about this application.	bug report
I want you add the people	feature request
Very useless app you can't even register	bug report
Okay, first of all. I love this app I love talking to all of my friends but now I can't send any pictures to any of my friends or servers and all you say is to "update to the new version" or "restart your device" when I've done both. Please fix this problem with the Android users. I'm sick of it and I'm done. I want to send photos and not stare at a red message the whole time. Fix it.	bug report
Just started using it . But like it a lot	irrelevant information
Worst app	bug report
Don't let my calls ring	bug report
Calls are impossible. Constently dropped. Talking on "speaker" was just my volume on high.	bug report
The new update is not allowing me to log in! I'm getting the same message repeatedly saying my password is incorrect.  I've reset my password and tried logging back in several times and still receiving the same error message! I need assistance with my account!	bug report
lately it has been difficult to get messages to send; i have to close and reopen the app multiple times, like it isn't synced and refuses to connect.	bug report
This app has been an absolute life saver multiple times in my life. The ads get a little annoying after each phone call and after some texts and they've even came right in the middle of calls causing me to lose them ...but it's worth it for the free calls and texts. My phone broke this week and this has been my tablet go to until I get it and I am so very thankful for this app!!	feature request
My Family makes me use tbis crap. It doesn't do anything that the regular messanger does not, except that there is no indication on the main icon of new messages being present. It also sucks at sending pictures. It usually fails and I end up using diccerent app to send the pics.	bug report
It was hard to find the group, luckily I knew someone personally in the group. and he invited me	irrelevant information
Love but i need to fing gifs quicker	feature request
Sigh... was okay, but now has changed how link sharing workd... no confirmation anymore, so far too easy to send link to wring contact or confirmation... ui experience of new skype always seem to find new ways to suck...	feature request
Come on, Discord. What is this update? The bottom panel is so convoluted with buttons, the idea of swiping up a panel full of buttons from video, voice, chat, etc, only for it to open the CHAT is such poor UX. Make each button swipeable: swiping up on the video opens the video settings and so on. Did you even user test this? Please use your own app, ask your staff. Edit: UX is getting there with the new update. At least when you swipe up it opens the voice channel settings. Just very buggy.	feature request
All the channels have disappeared besides one. Bug has been going on for a while. I have to constantly clear cache in discord settings for all the channels to show up. I do this at least 10 times a day. It's very frustrating. Not only one having issue. Several people on Reddit have mentioned this as well. Only happens on mobile app, PC works fine.	bug report
On the discord app on the phone, it will not let me change to speaker when on voice chat. I've looked through all my voice settings, changed everything, and still doesn't work	bug report
Very Frustrated!!! I installed it, now it wants my email address and password then it just freezes on that screen. There is a help with password option that says it will send to your email and I NEVER receive anything! My whole management staff is on it and uses ot to communicate and here I am, odd woman out!	bug report
Hi, I was satisfied with this program some time ago, but I am not now. I am not in Canada or the United States, and I can no longer use your program in Telegram for my work. Please make it in the next update so that my students and I can use it.	feature request
garbage on the phone, my phone is S22+, no way it's my phone	bug report
Because this perfect 🥰 💞 👌 😍	irrelevant information
Pretty good so far	irrelevant information
Great,better than most....	irrelevant information
Allows me to stay in touch with family and friends.	irrelevant information
Whenever I try to change my server profile it doesn't save, I've pressed the save button multiple times and it still doesn't save. And the app has been very laggy lately.	bug report
Good app just need to make it to send mms	feature request
It's a nice not complicated app to text friends or join your favourite YouTubers server.	irrelevant information
It's a good app but it have ads I hate ads	feature request
Video doesnt work Hasnt worked in weeks despite updsting the app, udpating the phone, using another phone, and even on the laptop	bug report
Using this app after ages and feeling nostalgic ... I must say it's incredibly awesome	irrelevant information
BAD NEW MOBILE UPDATE Why was this added? There was no need for it. It's hard as a user to navigate, and it takes more clicks to get to previously easy-to-access settings such as account settings & custom status and member lists. Ridiculous!	feature request
I have to give this the poor rating now since they dropped SMS. Well it's nice to encourage other users switch, don't put the burden on us to make everybody else switch. A lot of the messages coming in are basically informational SMS messages of renewals, Banks or credit alerts, and don't contain personal data. They are not going to change to signal. Signal, you go after them to switch don't put the burden on us. You could easily label to alert messages that are SMS or unsecured messages better.	feature request
I'm not sure I'm right but when I connect with my Bluetooth headphones I seem to hear my own voice in the voice call. But the problem goes away when I use only the wired connection.	bug report
Boycott 🤬🤬🤬	irrelevant information
I'd like it to try this app!!!	irrelevant information
This app had worked perfectly fine at first but now It won't let me send any GIF to anyone at all (this may be a bug that only I am having)	bug report
Used to love it, but the new ui sucks	feature request
Sorry for the late feedback I was able to log in but the next day someone tried to hacked me so I change my password	bug report
Having trouble with the notifications, but a good app for group messeging.	bug report
The new layout is a ui nightmare and should have never been introduced	feature request
App is still unstable however you could get out of the choppiness probably would be a very useful app	bug report
Why don't I get notify until I open my messages, even after the notification is turned on? I need this to be solved	bug report
We stay connected with group me, it's wonderful	irrelevant information
This app will not do anything for me thank you	irrelevant information
I'd give this app 5 stars except that it doesn't seem to remember/care that I told it I don't want picture-in-picture enabled. About once a week or so, it pops up a message asking me if I want to enable it. I've already said "no" to this feature so it should stop asking me again. If I want to use it, I'll go into the app settings and enable it myself. If they can fix this annoying user interaction issue I'll change my rating.	bug report
Doesn't work half time and pay for the monthly fee	bug report
Won't let me login via facebook	bug report
Really not bad but need to improve some function.	feature request
Delayed messages by days	bug report
I am only using this app until I can get a real phone number. It's infuriating to use constantly delaying and if someone tries to call me and I hit "answer" like a thousand times before it actually answers. And the call itself is garbage. Half the time they can't hear me and the other half it drops the call. And I realize that these types if apps need to have ads but these ads take up HALF THE SCREEN. I can't even see my texts because the giant ad covers it. I despise this app.	bug report
UI is extremely cumbersome and overall less functional. Revert the swipe changes at least...	feature request
Before it was not too bad, now this app is terrible, and if you contact support they asked to uninstall and reinstall but even then won't work I called just now 3 different numbers and they can't hear me or it disconnected right after they pick up. So I had to use a landline to call I'm giving two star cause I. Can text but not too sure if they are receiving my text, and now I'm paying weekly cause unfortunately this number is the one I had list for verification and they send me codes to it so.	bug report
It keeps me in touch with the people I love ❤️ mainly GOD ♥️ ❤️ 💕	irrelevant information
Discord has been a great communication platform, and no problems happened to me, no bugs or anything. If you'd like to chat with anyone, this is the best app you could use. And voice chat or share your screen. I suggest you use this app. This is so incredible! I love this app, and I've been using it for years. 100% recommended.	irrelevant information
This is a very good app have it seems to get ahold of people on this app	irrelevant information
It says free but doesn't let you look at text unless you upgrade lol IT DOESNT GET ANYNORE RIDICULOUS. Idk who would even want to support this app	bug report
Love it so much fun 💕 💗	irrelevant information
From 5 to 1 stars. I was able to get some of my circle into signal since they could just replace sms. They never really rev knew it was a different app. Now signal had just made it's self redundant to other apps that we already use. I see more users dropping it, I will likely as well. Today was the first time I opened signal in over a month and it was just to clear a duplicate message. Stories is just dumb and I have disabled it.	feature request
I've been using text now for years now and I've never had a problem until now, I own my # and I always logged in with FB and someone changed my login info and now it won't open what do I do	bug report
Still learning how to use it but like that it keeps all conversations in one place.	irrelevant information
It's great for free over wifi, but DO NOT, I repeat, do not get the Sim card and pay for the "monthly plan". They claim you get unlimited free calls and texts for the month and then you choose a plan to add data. But if you go over, say, the 2 or 3GB you purchased, they will also suspend your ability to make calls and texts. So I only used my "service" for about a week until they suspended my account and i could no longer even make calls or texts. False advertising, scam artists!	bug report
No customer privacy or confidentiality. Devs don't have a way to secure or encrypt communications. Joke of an app.	bug report
All of a sudden after 18 months on THIS PHONE I cannot send texts to the USA but can receive them. What is the problem??? The problem solved itself after about a week BUT now I have the problem with all pictures and videos?? Have had it for SIX DAYS!!	bug report
Thanks for giving me a nice childhood.	irrelevant information
The UI of the mobile app has been updated and I'm much more happy with it thus far!!	irrelevant information
i love using discord, its overall the app i use most other than tikok, but i keep being unable to change anything on my profile on mobile no matter what i do, i have nothing else to change it from, ive reinstalled it but nothing helps, how do i fix this?	bug report
I guess under the hood functionality still suits my needs but i now have to click several windows to get all the same info i had by default in the previous app version. Not a fan of the ux.	feature request
I'm new and don't exactly know what to do, but ima make a go of it! Love you, human beings!	irrelevant information
You know when they say if something is not broken don't fix it? This is literally how the latest UI update for mobile is. The layout is just rubbish, why did you change it. In a way though I must thank you because I'm spending less time on the discord app on my phone thanks to the new horrid layout. Edit: responding to the article, I understand this might be better fo mobile layout but the problem is, it feels clunkier than the previous design. 2nd edit: nah, still rubbish. Admit it's rubbish :)	feature request
Omfg this app is like all the rest ! Nothing special about it. But it does come in handy when ur phone gets shut D :P	irrelevant information
I was never able to sign in. Always gave unexpected error at sign in or incorrect password. Reset password link never worked	bug report
Can't delete unknown people and only works once in a while.	bug report
I cant get it to download	bug report
This app just sucks. If it's not annoying you non-stop to "BUY NITRO!", it's having trouble doing super simple things like display an image correctly. I hate it, and cannot wait for everybody to see how terrible it really is so it finally dies.	bug report
The new UI is utterly horrible. The layout is incredibly unintuitive compared to a previous layout that worked perfectly fine, and several features are cut down or ruined.	feature request
Don't use whatsapp use signal.It protects privacy	irrelevant information
it isnt letting me type i have to completley exit discord about 30 times before it might workand it also isnt letting me unfriend nore join my friends call.	bug report
please put the layout back or give us an option to put the layout back. I'm crying tears of blood.	feature request
Ok for video calling and messaging but nobody uses it these days because of other ways of chatting. Bring back msn chat days and the old way of finding new friends nearby and across the world!	feature request
As good as any message app.	irrelevant information
The latest mobile update has made the app clunky, and cumbersome to navigate, especially during voice calls.	bug report
settings. The option is no longer there. Now there is a huge stiffens	bug report
I wouldn't even give it a star, if I had the choice. You don't earn minutes watching videos like you're supposed to!!!!	bug report
Ita useful but it told me to add a email i had already did and told me it was registered and told to verify it can you fix my glitch pls	bug report
The safer option	irrelevant information
call audio while playing music is broken. monor ui glitches	bug report
Hate the new app. Sucks booty cheeks	irrelevant information
Isn't giving me notifications and is glitching out sometimes. Please fix this	bug report
Used to love groupme but recently messages have been coming in hours let	bug report
The worst app and support ever	bug report
my galaxy s8, exynos, android 7.0, gets too hot when i'm using skype!!!!! , i have the problem just with this app!, after about 5 min video call it gets too hot, please fix this problem, thanks	bug report
Totally worst app in world	irrelevant information
A bug fix needs to be done it will not let me delete my conversations it will give a error i have the last update	bug report
I like this app but it doesn't allow me to call people or it doesn't allow me to send pictures or recive pictures from other people and it doesn't allow me to have chatheads so can u add chat heads and fix all this issues pls	feature request
it would be better if it wasn't so slow, often sends the wrong message, no editing available	feature request
Notifications rarely show up promptly.	bug report
I enjoy using ur app bcz u don't have to be using a text free app nd then have no minutes to call out	irrelevant information
It was fun	irrelevant information
Wish the app wasn't so clumsy. I lost an important contact because of it.	bug report
Forced update 🤡	bug report
New UI is slow and buggy. Changes for the sake of changes that lessen the experience of the application.	bug report
I use this app daily. Has many errors. For example, when I video call somebody, there is ringing. Often, like for 30% of calls, the ringing does not stop after the other person answers, we start discussing, but the ringing is going on. I need to cancel the call, and call again.	bug report
I have my headphones hooked up to my phone currently but the other people are not able to hear me in vc with my head phones on I don't know what to do	bug report
O have ttcg	irrelevant information
I really enjoy playing arena breakout It has nice graphics as well as game have its own vibe to play with other players....i really enjoy playing	irrelevant information
So far so good. I had a problem with my texts being read by third parties on the last app so I hope that's not the case in this app. Update: I keep seeing nazi ads o-O. Why would they allow these in this app?	feature request
the interface changes are a straight up dumpster fire.	feature request
Ok so I've had the app for awhile already and I love it. But today for some reason it stopped working I can no longer send text or make phone calls. I have uninstalled and reinstalled. I have done everything I can think of but nothing has fixed the problem. It is also doing the same thing on another device I have. I really like this app so if I could get a response on how to fix the problem. I'll be more then happy to give 5 stars after it starts working properly again	bug report
This sucks	bug report
It works phone call text	irrelevant information
thumbs up calls suck!!! Edit 4/4/2020- CALLS STILL SUCK!!!	bug report
The texting works great,  but I am not able to receive any promotional minutes. I have contacted the company and all they tell me is that I have received minutes, but nothing appears on my account.	bug report
This app has impressed me from day one and improving continuously overtime. The negative comments don't make sense to me, it's free for starters and I'm happy to get what I payed for so with this app it has excelled beyond expectations for the price. I've payed in the past for alternatives that are terrible so keep up the good work guys, you're doing great and you don't get enough positive feedback for some unknown reason.	irrelevant information
used for over 10 yrs and have referred to many people who have enjoyed the app and it has been a life saver for the family. highly recommend it to anyone that needs a good app that you can depend on.	irrelevant information
Must not really care, who is on this app,, get a lor of scam and hookup girls on here	irrelevant information
4.99 $ a month A foolish friend told me of this wonderful free service I guess you can use it for a month free	irrelevant information
Lot of memory holes. Runs like molasses.	bug report
Why can't I add some of my friends from contact list to group chat even though they have groupme account?	feature request
I have to refresh the app to get new txts and it doesnt lete send pictures please fix	bug report
The App Is still good as before not this update.Every time i join a server it says the server is closed even though its new made	bug report
This helps me call teachers	irrelevant information
good, could use some other opt.s	feature request
I just think it Weird you call peolpe you dont know and you text them i dont like it at all :] thats all	irrelevant information
Always lagging or crashing with late replies and poor connections quality and dependability.	bug report
App auto deleted my account. I reestablished the account. Now can't get into the group I was in before... This is more of a pain than benefit.	bug report
When I try to save posted images I get a message "Could not save image. No SD card available." But the SD card is available because the app is stored on the external card. Other than that the app works ok.	bug report
Not getting the app to work.	bug report
I can't download it to my tablet... its an android... it keeps saying error 961...idk what that means???	bug report
In all its good BUT it keeps not sending my messages when I send it even tho my internet is working fine	bug report
Even with Wi-Fi the signal isn't very good. The signals always cutting in and out!!	bug report
The app is good but everytime I enter a game my phone just starts bugging out by going black then going back to normal but goes black again in less than a second.	bug report
i enjoy this app but this app have a soo manyy bugs .... so i deleted this app fkk off	bug report
Good app but it hangs very much in sending message	bug report
Can someone tell me how to get past the verify phone number screen? It wont allow me to join.	bug report
I always have to call back. When I press the ANSWER button, it just rings.	bug report
This app has tons of bugs and my messages are on a huge delay.	bug report
Asking for payment when I have an Office 365 subscription.	feature request
Ugeley has a good signal.	irrelevant information
For a week or so I cannot download files sent to me on my Samsung 10. Never had problems before	bug report
It's a good app and works Everytime but it lags alot and freezes alot when u try to make a text or a call and for the longest time I couldn't get the speaker phone to work but it works now jus choppy when talking to people. Fix dat shyt! Lol	bug report
Puts all the custom emojis (from servers) that you cannot use without payed account rigth in front of all other emojis. And no ability to disable them. Need to scroll every time. Otherwise great app.	feature request
It said it had free calling	bug report
Now you have to pay to get verification codes 😒	irrelevant information
Revised rating after dropping sms support	irrelevant information
Can't send images on your phone amymore	bug report
Good app. But the update made the background darker, either black or white. No between unless you pay. Pretty frustrating actually	feature request
Outstanding! No hacking, no tracking, no fake messages.	irrelevant information
Microsoft make it frist communicate apps	feature request
It didn't work I tried using it for a code and it didn't work so didn't work for a single use	bug report
with the new version or whatever it freezes every time I opened the application...	bug report
Got some spam (sex sale) somehow within a group.	bug report
Great way to communicate with classmates or other employees	irrelevant information
I purchased Skype credit several times and it still does not show on my credit balance and I cannot make calls!This is unacceptable!	bug report
I haven't got any call or text service cuz it's to expensive and I REALLY REALLY hope this works	irrelevant information
Hangs up randomly on both accounts on several of my devices. Just randomly in calls or if I open camera apps anything etc didn't used to do now does very frequent	bug report
There should be a way too Delete Conversation, Or Clear Both Chat it's Very important you guys need too work on that	feature request
This has to be the worst app ever. The video Ads that play 24/7 under your text are bigger than your text box. Not to mention the lag, just to tap on one contact takes roughly 30 seconds and I'm using a different phone now with the same app, but nothing has changed. This has to be the worst texting app in history	bug report
Okay so it's okay but please allow us to have the old layout better.. Please. I hate the new one why did yall have to change it	feature request
Literally freezes slot but it's a grra way to keep in touch with others	bug report
Why does it lags like anything! Other call and message apps work like a charm and also why does the whole app open while receiving a call . Only shows the caller id after 10 seconds of the call	bug report
Shockingly slow with no signs of improvement in years. Almost all of the recent comments are one star and talk of poor performance. This hasn't changed in years and in 2024 is honestly unacceptable. Button response time is measured in seconds, UI elements get stuck with blank areas while the elements play catch up. Just genuinely unpleasant to use. Even using the Android keyboard has unnecessary input delay on the app, making spelling errors and mistakes a common occurrence. Fix it!	bug report
This app is TRASH. It won't let me register, I have tried SO MANY METHODS ON HOW TO REGISTER BUT STILL WONT WORK!	bug report
Group call automatically disconnected in mobile skype. Very bad experience.	bug report
This place is nothing but fake people and y'all do nothing to control and everybody I talk to hear is not real I can promise you that this is a place for fake people to come from Tik-Tok to scam people and y'all do nothing to control fake people here	irrelevant information
Sort of gets the job done but crashes a lot and has fair UI at best. Menus kind of hide functionality, but what can you do? Everyone uses it.	bug report
I want last see in this app	feature request
I can't get into my account due to me losing my phone attached to it, and there's no email on it so I basically lost my entire account	bug report
It doesn't function properly and have to keep verifying my pin number randomly	bug report
Needs more free mnutes. Its too bad that you cann not have free phone functions like calling or texting	feature request
It's good app but I am facing problem when some one text me it dont notify me every time.	bug report
Very good app but i have a lot of problem but it's ok	bug report
I have been using Discord for many years and it has been great until this newest update which removes swiping between DMs, servers and server members. So now I have to click different buttons instead of a very useful swiping ability, which was seamless. Not a big fan.	feature request
It's okay but the problem is that you don't have internet every where you go. I thought that what this app was for. For calling and texting everywhere.  You should make a change to that.	feature request
The android skype app does not work on Chrome OS. On my phone the UI is a bit confusing.	bug report
Been using since day 1 release on both PC and mobile. As well as using Canary. You want organization and a place your your friends? Literally nothing better out there. I couldn't ask for a better app.	irrelevant information
Can you make calls to mexico...like international calls	feature request
(changed from 5 stars to 1) These new layout changes for mobile is absolutely terrible, it's hard to switch between chats, it's not pleasing to the eyes, it doesn't do anything but make the app harder to use. It also won't even let me into the app. This app has gotten worse and worse, hopefully you will come to your senses and at least give us an option to change the layout. Not to mention that I get kicked out of calls when I play games with my friends. This is utterly ridiculous and annoying.	bug report
It was great but now I cant even open the app. It instantly flickers when attempting to open then nothing. It doesnt even open now. I've completed two updates since this 1st started. Uninstalling now.	bug report
New update is terrible. UI loads so much slower, and I've gotten multiple glitches from messages not loading, seeing streams is apparently impossible and half the UI is hanging off the screen	bug report
if u need a calling number here you go	irrelevant information
This app is a buggy mess. It constantly marks messages as read when I haven't even opened the app.	bug report
Never ended up using so not fair to ho higher than 3 stars.	irrelevant information
Hate the new UI. Especially how you have to click the search button to see the current online friends in a server. Please revert it so I can slide to view current members in the server again.	feature request
I just feel more safe on this app Messaging people I know a lot of girls prefer using it	irrelevant information
Update: after seeing that Signal will no longer permit non Signal users from receiving texts from me anymore, looks like it is time to say goodbye to Signal.	irrelevant information
Not easy to follow	irrelevant information
I got this app bought the 100 minutes for 1.99 and it took the money but never gave me the minutes very disappointed you should try to make sure you figure this out before more people buy minutes and not receive them	bug report
The new ui is a downgrade. Huge step back.	feature request
since last month avatar image are not showing, I tried clear cache & data still not solving. and 'connecting' when opening app first time usually takes forever..	bug report
Lack of SMS support	feature request
you need someone added or you need to be in the same server to talk to someone, one of my friends sent me a dm at 4:22am, he has mental issues, he unfriended everyone and i had no other way to contact him, he sent a message saying that he was a burden to everyone, it broke my heart. Its been almost half a day since i sent him a friend request, please remove that feature, i do not wanna lose any more friends, i contacted his other friends, still no luck.	feature request
This app used to be alright but now it disgust me on how it's ran ADS IN THE MIDDLE OF MY PHONE CALLS UNLESS I SUBSCRIBE !!!!!!!!HOW USELESS RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL CAN YOU BE SERIOUSLY WHAT IF SOMEONE IS TRYING TO SAY IM DYING???????? COME ON BUNCH OF CHEAP SCAM ARTIST SHAME ON YOU WHO EVER ADDED THE ADS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CALLS SHAME	bug report
It's a pain because the call glitches and says low internet connection and that's a lie.	bug report
drops calls often	bug report
It performs slow and anytime mircophone on and off automatically and responds very slow..	bug report
The new update sucks, all the old messages have the wrong dates.  I cant refresh the page.  The new update alround sucks.	bug report
Horrible mobile UX. Can't understand how it could ever be approved by someone at Microsoft.	feature request
U can't even calll!	bug report
Don't like it n I want it off of my phone	irrelevant information
New UI is a pain to learn, but it has also come with a whole lot of problems that annoy the hell out of me. Voice Chat seems to freak out every now and then, especially on consoles. Discord itself doesn't load properly when I open it, either taking a minute or needing several restarts. Channels seem to glitch and only show me one specific channel, even in other servers. I keep getting notifications for channels that have no new messages.	bug report
This App Is Garbage!! They show adds everytime you send a message and its supper annoying. They make it hard to X out of it. They also try to track everything on your phone and is not conpatibale with vpn it will not let you make a phine call if you have one of these services and I am serious there are thousands of attempts to track everything you do. Do not download this app it is a spying service fyi! These people should be in prison.	bug report
It doesn't allow me to verify my email and I can't find any help on my problem	bug report
I don't know why but messeges send very late	bug report
I used to have no issue getting two step verification texts until like 2 weeks ago. No I'm unable to login to my company portal to input my hours	bug report
Calls are not free which is so obviously stated. Please don't false advertise.	bug report
I cant reach any one and I can't call anyone	bug report
very good I tell all my friends about TextNow.	irrelevant information
Fast and every message is clear and it's faster than the other ones	irrelevant information
First of all the two nitros are stupid, have one for a reasonable price (10$ and under a month) it's stupid to have 2 especially when no one gets the cheapest version. Second the mobile app is so buggy, the call cut off when you leave the app sometimes and restarts the app. Lastly the desktop one does not have the start a new line feature when using slash commands, so I'm forced to use my phone for that. Not to mention the privacy issues of your account not really deleting messages once deleted.	feature request
like a second and the app takes me down a whole miniute.	bug report
its aight LMAO	irrelevant information
It's been very informative and helpful	irrelevant information
Bunch of card collectors or scams	irrelevant information
I just downloaded the new update and the app keeps crashing! Tf⁉️ The devs need to fix their sheet and stop blaming the users/community for a software based issue that's clearly on their end. So lazy🙄😒	bug report
I love discord and use it all the time...but this new update is not it. The layout is completely different and isn't enjoyable. Whenever I accidentally swipe on a message I reply to it and it is very annoying. Pls return it back to its original layout!!!	feature request
Don't waste your time. The app doesn't allow you to receive text messages	bug report
Your app always glitches and hangs up on me in the middle of a call. This is the only app I use to make phone calls with and I've been using this app for years. This needs to be fixed ASAP	bug report
It keeps signing me out on my laptop	bug report
app helped me in many ways I never stopped using this app for years free and can change your number and help you like it did me trust worthy app 😊	irrelevant information
I wish I never updated this app. Videos dont play more often than not and ive had the UI totally glitch out on me randomly causing me to restart the app. It worked totally fine before the UI overhaul now things choose when they want to work it seems	bug report
I recently updated the app and now it says it has stopped working for no sudden reason and i dont know why . Ive been using this app alot but now its suddenly off point now. Then i had to uninstall then install the app again and its totally diffrerent from what i knew discord to be, its good but still feels somehow so ill give it 3stars for the app not working even tho i updated it so i had to uninstall and install back	bug report
Works great for ios, not so much android. Please close the gap! For example, android users can't send videos over 30 seconds but ios users can :/	feature request
The application is up-to-date. I have good signal strength. Call connects, 30 seconds later call disconnect. This happens every time	bug report
Worst calling app ever. Every call breaks up and you have to guess at what the other person is saying and it's like that both ways you hardly ever get a completed call because it will disconnect randomly	bug report
Really don't like the new layout, it's become less user friendly, hard to navigate, can't see who's online, why was it changed?	feature request
Update 4: new spam call every hour or more. Update 3: Still inundated with spam calls. Update 2: Months later, incoming calls STILL aren't ringing through to devices. I'd hate to rely on this. And I'm PAYING for this thing. Update: Incoming calls often don't ring at all, on ANY device. Original: Doesn't ring on all devices, doesn't always notify for messages, and I get **CONSTANT** spam/nobody calls at all hours of the day and night. Needs a "call whitelist" feature. Audio feeds back on calls.	bug report
GREAT APP!!! if you want to scream and throw your phone because of how many ads there are. Not even counting the amazing spam you get ... 24-7.  I mean you'll love it; if you enjoy trying to click a message but a ad "magically" popping up. I mean, every time I get on the ads move to what I'm about to click on. The ONLY reason I have it is to talk to my wifiless friend.	bug report
This app is ok but when u delete it you can't get ur old number without ur old google account and ads can be a bit much at some points	bug report
A very good app but can have connections issues on mobile	bug report
I can't save or post media because the app says that there's no SD card available, but the app is downloaded to the SD card. Other than that, fine app.	bug report
I love this app! The only problem is that it will get a little glichy once and a while, but you can easliy sign off and get back on.	bug report
Guys don't use discord its full of bots. I just login into my account and update number before they let me into discord app . Discord straight away blocked me for messages that i didn't even send before even i logged in?? If i didn't logged in then how come i send messages. I hope discord get blocked on playstore as they did to me without my consent and knowledge even after i tell them i didn't send spam messages.	bug report
Delays in sending and receiving texts. Calls hardly ever ring through to me . Mostly I just get missed call notifications and all calls get dropped or cut out so bad you really cannot hear the other person. This is with a full signal, beside the router or anywhere. Tried this app on a couple different phones.	bug report
Crashes any time I try to open a chat on my s8. Hasn't worked in months.	bug report
You guys sold yourselves up! I can't believe you guys are stopping support for SMS. There are people that simply won't sign up to your app, but changing between apps in order to text? I think you guys shot yourself in the foot.	feature request
It worked for a couple days and then everytime I open it it closes immediately. Calls keep dropping. Do not recommend.	bug report
App says rate, I listen to get rid of the message. 3 stars.	irrelevant information
Repeatedly recieving emails about losing my number. I just used it yesterday!	bug report
Decent enough	irrelevant information
Alright for no	irrelevant information
It's getting easier for me to understand what you are, what you are 5, and I will be...	irrelevant information
I wanted to see if the interface was as bad as people have said. It is. You have to put more effort into navigation than before, disrupting any flow you get yourself in. Not being able to leave the app outside of a server is a big issue. Bring back the area with both message and server list in one place. Let me swipe right to see who is online. Having to click the channel name for this is really disrupting and distracting. Worst update in a long time.	feature request
Secure and easy to use ... edit feature should be added.	feature request
It is a great app that I get a phone number for free but there is a problem I didn't verify my discord email and now I have to pay just for to receive the code for signing in for the account Now I have to do more work for like 3 more days and wait for a credit card 💳 Please remove the lock your number thing so I don't have to pay just to sign in to a account thank you	bug report
When I'm registering and add my number he does send me message code 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😔😔😔😔😔😔😔😡 im tired	bug report
This new discord update with the usernames is absolutely horrible I love the #0000 at the ends of people's usernames it's what made it special!!?? Everytime I update discord it gets worse. The new update has been making my phone lag horribly!! They won't ever get rid of it either. This is bullcrap.	feature request
Video quality is low comparable to Zoom app	bug report
laged the whole time i had it	bug report
Tried to change my number. I called one of my contacts and the whole app	bug report
I do like it but i dont like the fact that it needs to be on wifi i thinks that's stupid but this is a good app but pls make it to where we can call and text off wifi because when i get home from shcool i need to call or text my mom telling her that i am on my way home and so that she can have the door open for when i get home. And thats is all i have to say.	feature request
It's okay but not as fast as I need	irrelevant information
Hey discord staff! I recently updated my app and noticed that the timestamps on messages no longer matches with my system preference (24-hour), is this a bug or a feature? Regardless I'd rather have the option between the 2 rather than being stuck with 12-hour time. Another thing is the animation for when you press on a reply, it sucks up battery life. Is there a way to revert it to the old one where it just jumps to the message instead of scrolls? Thanks for reading! Sincerely.	feature request
Fix your app. Account transfer doesn't work properly and when I enter in my phone number texts aren't getting sent. Fix it.	bug report
It's a good app to use but when in call with people on my computer the website crashes every few hours so I have to restart it and join back into the call which is irritating. It's been going on for months and every website on my computer has never acted like this so I know it's Discord.	bug report
Hi I did all the instructions on your website but I can't receive verification code. Please help...	bug report
Text now is always there when I need it!	irrelevant information
It sucks in landscape mode	bug report
Good to connect a group, no ads.	irrelevant information
Discord is really on of those must have apps. Really fun to use with friends and it's really easy to use as well.	irrelevant information
Great app, but theres this problem when sending voice messages where even if you stop holding the icon it continues recording audio	bug report
I can talk to my mom when she is at work. I like it but sometimes in gets a little laggy but it fixes in a few seconds. But overall I love this app.	feature request
I can't do nothing I get in for 30 seconds then it freeze I just downloaded it to talk to someone and can't even do that	bug report
Please Add RCS messaging features	feature request
Works good. Semi laggy at times.	bug report
It's a great app to use with your family and friends although its hard to move around with the controls tho	feature request
I do not like the UI update. Old is better. Change it back please.	feature request
There is no last see	bug report
I try to open the app and have to try several times before it will open. Please fix this, and I'll give five stars.	bug report
I'm disappointed they are stopping sms support. I will discontinue use of it and stop recommending it to my friends and relatives.	feature request
Every single employee and lead that I met were so nice and made me feel very welcome!! I really enjoyed it! Marinette Hart, thank you for referring me! You rock!!!	irrelevant information
New update is worse for navigating servers and has quite a few glitches, I think the previous version was better.	bug report
Nothing but scammers on this app trying to get you to send them money 🤣	irrelevant information
The new discord feature of people having unique names is just dumb.	feature request
So, I use this app daily and usually have no problems with it besides the usual shutdowns in the past. But, I use mobile lots and there's a bug with the decoration tab. I can't change or save any decorations because the save button for it is... off screen. I'm literally unable to click it. The text of the "Change Decoration" is so big that it's pushing the save button off screen. I tried reinstalling the app, logging out and making the text/font smaller, but nothing is working.	bug report
It was easy to download	irrelevant information
the best free phone app ever	irrelevant information
Very bad audio and droped calls and has a mind of its own	bug report
Haven't received my Sim card I purchased weeks ago even though the app is telling me to activate it today. What the heck? I want my money back	bug report
intersting	irrelevant information
Terrible UI change, convoluted!	feature request
It is a great way of connecting with your friends	irrelevant information
It's great to be able to have all at once ur friends in one chat room	irrelevant information
Great app but a pity that Signal is killing SMS integration. By default in Canada I assume I am sending an SMS. When sent through Signal often the message resolved as a Signal message, encrypted - WIN! Now I will send an SMS by the default Android app and never know if the recipient has signal... Shame!	feature request
There is a loud ping noise whe. there is noise in the background	bug report
SO TERRIBLE!!! I can't rven make calls out! It just hangs up after 25-30 seconds!! Not cool!!! 👎	bug report
Good for second line.	irrelevant information
We are waiting for Bluetooth support!	feature request
This latest update is absolutely horrible. There is a delay now when opening channels, I can't tell when people message me directly because of the new tab structure on the bottom, I constantly have to force close the app then relaunch it in order to even see some of my servers and channels because the app isn't correctly loading servers and channels. This update was not optimized for mobile use.	bug report
Honestly, I hate this app. The app only updates when on wifi, and it's strange to give contact pic with name, but doesn't allow you to make app calls like on What'sApp. Very sad	bug report
i can't the card to work I bought	bug report
Needs work on the calls...they don't let you know sometimes that you missed a call..and the calls drop	bug report
Has been good except not getting my notifications on home screen anymore?	bug report
App has begun to randomly crash on phone and is really unstable.	bug report
You made it more over complicated and harder to use you money hungry fools	bug report
A really good app and secure alternative to many others.	irrelevant information
I would give 5 stars if the following was fixed/added 1) Anytime I'm on a call with a friend and I got to my camera to take a picture the call makes my screen go black then back to the camera 2) I can't set my own voicemail with things from my actual downloaded Audio. I have a certain audio that I want to set as my voicemail but I can only record my own which I find very annoying	feature request
How do I cromecast to my tablet an the number	irrelevant information
heh, crime	irrelevant information
If it requires phone number then it isn't private now is it?	irrelevant information
It's not that bad of a app but it's kinda slow and the calling doesn't work anymore, I get to text my friends and send pictures pretty good though. If the calling gets fixed I will give it 5 stars.	bug report
It is a game changer.	irrelevant information
What the hell is that verifying ur acc what the hell r u a human ?? Yes I am a human... I have downloaded this app for gaming purpose and these app is wasting my time I couldn't even run it	bug report
Disappointed in the new update. When posting anything, the app does not update and it looks like nothing was posted. The visual, though fancy, is useless. The old version was a lot better sadly.	bug report
It has been nothing but a pleasure to use this application	irrelevant information
Really great app! I would rate 5 stars but it crashes a lot, :( but overall really good.	bug report
Signal is the best app to chat	irrelevant information
Why do I need a news feed on a texting and calling app????	irrelevant information
I feel very secure on here I live it	irrelevant information
sluggish like it was written for a supercomputer, not a 2 yr old handheld. Every time I upgrade, this software gets slower and slower. please tell the devs to test UX on an 8 yr old Android. This isn't (anymore) rocket science	bug report
Tried to change the telephone number. Everything was okay, but then it said me that it can't determine the status of number changing, and I can't undo it and can't use the app at all. It's blocked!	bug report
Too security conscious. Keeps asking for pin code. Keeps updating, each time unlinking my PC signal app from my account. Annoying when transferring phones.	bug report
Love it except for when voice mail prompts that this number is a text me now number. I hate that feature I unfortunately have a bad boy syndrome and when I give my number out I only give my text me number it's great until they know it's a burn #. I would love for that to be removed to keep my safety, safer.	feature request
Hey, you guys have to tighten up. Using midjourney when trying use the describe feature to create a picture. When attempting to upload the picture instead of taking me to my photos, the word " image " pops up in red, I have to restart the app just to use it. Annoying	bug report
Sometimes it tends to not load messages or makes it incapable of tagging/mentioning peers but otherwise, a decent app to group chat. Just wish each individual could mute their own notifications and delete their own threads if they wish to. Right now if there is a way to so that, it is not clear.	feature request
Sometime their connection right now isn't working when ur networks or wifi works perfectly. And also you receive late text.	bug report
Everytime I want to search contact or use other menu it forced me to leave the application.	bug report
if i had this number for years and i use it daily, why must i get a message saying dont forget to call or send a text to someone or ill loose my number?	feature request
Everything in Discord is perfect for me in my opinion and nothing seems to bother me most of the time, except for notifications, I enter Discord, and there are messages on different chats that don't set off my notifications	bug report
Essential app for group messaging with family and church groups. It is nice to see they are staring to add features.	irrelevant information
Fast and reliable, including hi-def video chats	irrelevant information
Video not clear	bug report
It was my first experience, I shall give feedback later on.	irrelevant information
I wish GroupMe would allow it's users to edit their messages.	feature request
Great way for my firefighters to communicate	irrelevant information
I get it I didn't think they got it until I tried to build apon a house of cards called Spectrum and SO MANY LIES FROM EVERYONE. Little o me will pass GO AND COLLECT $200, BECAUSE I'm down $7+ a week So you just go ahead and lock me in. I tried to ask this to a chat box waste of time are you allowed to have two text now phone numbers?	bug report
ive aways had no pormblems	bug report
i needed a number to call from in a hurry. this app saved my sanity. it worked for what i needed it to cant say about anything else	irrelevant information
It was a great app until they decided to remove SMS support, even switched my mom over to it. Now that it's going, I'll have to switch her to another app. I'll probably stop using it as well, no point having a chatting app no one else I know seem to use when it no longer works with SMS.	feature request
New version is very bad	bug report
I'm going to try this app out hopefully it works as it says.if no problems after a week I will rate it more.	irrelevant information
It's mad slow. My phone is so slow due to this dang app.	bug report
Having great community communication 😃	irrelevant information
Can't register new phone number.	bug report
make sure it doesn't update cuz they're all trash	irrelevant information
The new UI update is a catastrophe. Not only is it buggy as hell, but it is a straight downgrade in several key ways. The darker default theme is too high contrast to be readable for people with certain eye conditions, important options are tucked away behind unintuitive processes, and many different changes are simply baffling. Clearly the discord team has never heard the phrase: "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."	feature request
Great product!	irrelevant information
Alternative of imo, what's up	irrelevant information
please give "Export chat" option as in WhatsApp.	feature request
Like remove contacts or just silent the massive text messages I get now	feature request
New UI is atrocious	feature request
There have been TWO updates that have entirely ruined my respect for this app. The first one being the layout change, but I still have yet to update the app because of the fear I feel. And two, this NEWER update is making it so people can't see images or profile pictures, and I can't see my banner that I paid for anymore, as WELL as it entirely ruined itself to the point of making it's community furious, gaining them so many bad reviews. Please fix your app before you loose more people.	bug report
I tried this with my moms phone and it had horrible call quality. It would repeat what is said. And she couldn't even hear me. There was also a bad *shriek*. Please fix for 5 stars	bug report
PROS - decent audio quality, fairly cheap rates CONS - horrible UI, lag when pressing buttons, doesn't pull contacts from your phone, IT'S A MICROSOFT PRODUCT	bug report
Pls stop with the new update thing	irrelevant information
I've had a good experience, I've had no problems with GroupMe.	irrelevant information
wont let me log in i bassicly dont have a number	bug report
love this App!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️	irrelevant information
Good for business use if you don't want to give ur current phone number I would recommend it for many things like staying in touch with family or friends.	irrelevant information
Lets me message both on desktop & mobile (better imessage or using phone link, because my phone cam be dead/misplaced etc.) Only competitive disadvantage is editing messages	feature request
Wont ring and let me call out been trying it says call can not connect on data and I have unlimited its showing no signal	bug report
Logs you out for no reason, requires you to fill in a D O B by scrolling	bug report
its ok but the picture gets pixelated and wont get fixed unless u end the call and call back. other than that its good.	bug report
Didn't have much time to do anything, I'm not paying to receive verification codes when the ONLY reason I want a false number is specifically for apps and sites that I don't want my real number going to.	irrelevant information
It freezes when trying to make or receive a call. Calls will not come through. It will just say you have a missed call but phone never rings!! It's starting to get on my nerves!! Fix these issues please then it may get five stars!! Ugh!!	bug report
Sucks like no other app I've ever used.	irrelevant information
Too many not sent messages or says sent and other person never received	bug report
Doesn't work anymore.Really laggy, images take alot of time to load. Downloading media is real trouble.	bug report
Unstable, crashes and bugs. Skype is becoming worse with every passing year.	bug report
It's great !! 👍 I love the secure mode...	irrelevant information
Hate the new UI, also a lot of bugs. Doesn't listen to the community.	feature request
It doesn't let you know you have messages till you open then you Uninstall it and reinstall it to make it work for like a week	bug report
the bug is not fixed. its still logging out abruptly	bug report
hi I love this app so if I were you I'd use it	irrelevant information
Dropping SMS is the worst decision y'all have made, somehow worse than the shitcoin thing. I might as well go to Session app at this point. Previous 5 star review: Gif support, video chat, secure phone. Very good desktop app. This is a brilliant messaging app on it's own, but it'll also keep you secure from those working against you. Incredible	feature request
It would be better if users could edit posts	feature request
Do to the information I've read on others review I've confidence on Skype id. And I can't download Skype id.	bug report
I really enjoyed the app but has 2 or 3 worst things I hate and no adjustments on it so far Firstly is the last SEEN of people you talk to either online or just left with the exaclay the time 2nd is the person who blocked you and when next you text someone back, we got the same 2 mark which others app shows one mark or blanks the profile to know the person has blocked you. I think that's the two things that always bothering me for now and you should adjust that because most of others apps did	feature request
I love the app but I can't see photos the people send me	bug report
Nice to have when you're phone service provider can't get there sh@# straight!!!	irrelevant information
serves its purpose, but just barely...	irrelevant information
Sometimes it chooses not to work entirely and messes up a lot	bug report
You cant change the background and it is pretty basic.	irrelevant information
This is an amazing app for personal conversations. I love it.	irrelevant information
Drop to much	bug report
This app gets worse with every update. It started off amazing when I joined in 2019. Now, it's slow and frequently disconnects. Stop trying to change the UI and fix the lagging issues. We don't want a new UI that removes features and slows down the app, we want a reliable app for communicating in servers	bug report
Making phone calling fun since the early 2000's.	irrelevant information
Never good reception	bug report
This app is used by fake companies or impersonating real ones ! to scam people who are looking for remote work. Be safe. Don't give your personal information out. I'm not sure how secure this website is. But it's truly scary how easy it was to dupe me. I however e mail the actual company after I googled them and was told it was a scam. I'm giving two stars because this app may be can't help who reaches who. But then again. You guys make it easy so I dunno.	irrelevant information
This app help me a lot wen I don't have money to pay my phone bill 🙃 thanks	irrelevant information
Cool and good	irrelevant information
It has way to many adds with the free version. It's like they want you to pay for getting a sim card to make sure you have the number permanently; but I don't need it permanently, I just need it for a short time. What I do like is when you get a new number your messages stay from other numbers, they have that going for them. And yes it is free n good service. You can hear the other person loud n clear dependant on your internet provider service. I would give this a 5 but the adds 👎	feature request
It's not easy!! I requested help with my password. An email was supposed to arrive with instructions. It NEVER arrived! I tried twice more...no response. No point in having this app if I can't even get on to it...Boo!!!	bug report
Wish more ppl come to the app. People can also listen to Vergecast about the app	irrelevant information
I really want to get my old account back. And whenever im logging in it says '500 internal server error' or 'incorrect password or log in' even if its correct i keep trying to send via sms or sms and codes but there's none im receiving i tried so many ways dc won't let me in	bug report
Problem solve i can send out message but i cant recieve message	bug report
There should be an option to reply to specific texts when messaging or even to be able to like/ heart messages	feature request
Stable and sufficient in exchange for privacy...	irrelevant information
Very wiggy app, can't rely on it.	bug report
So it works nicely, everything is good, besides Voice chatting, it sometimes doesn't work, I tried joining and nope it said I was connecting while my wifi was on, I used my mobile data and POOF it works but if it's my internet, just nope, hope they look into this	bug report
Never work I never get any messages 😒 people can't find me	bug report
Best way to communicate. People say that this sucks but me honestly thinks is really cool.	irrelevant information
Found that if you don't send out a text for a month, you lose text number.  Useless after you've given out your text number to everybody.	feature request
Great. Easy to use and not opened by Facebook. My data is my data.	irrelevant information
It works for me, but sometimes I don't get all the messages that were sent to me, and it needs to have a high speed connection for the calls to be clear.	bug report
It'd not the same at all anymore I'm going to find a new app	bug report
I give it three stars because whenever o try to join a video call it slow to load the video picture, then it at times breaks up, or freezes in the middle of a conversation. But overall I can send messages without any problems. But it could be just an issue with my phone, because on my laptop it hasn't been a problem. But I haven't been able to use my laptop in a while because I need to have someone replace the battery on it so hopefully it still works once I do get the battery replaced.	bug report
Only notable feature is locked behind pay wall. Avoid.	feature request
I'll change it later	irrelevant information
Full screen video in landscape shows the title bar and ugly corners ( on a Samsung s21). It's also slow even on a fast phone. Trying to share a PNG image fails when you do that from Skype. These issues can be solved easily, but apparently nobody cares at Microsoft. It's a real pity, I like Skype much better than WhatsApp, but it seems Microsoft gave up on Skype.. Nobody at MS cares about this feedback also, so not sure why I bother to type this.	bug report
Ever since some updates a while back, I haven't been able to hear my friend's stream audio, but they can hear mine. Also I've had issues with their camera freezing during video calls even when my camera isn't on. I love Discord but this is really frustrating.	bug report
Just manage	irrelevant information
ABSOLUTELY NOT A SINGLE MINUTE FOR FREE! NEVER HAD A SINGLE MINUTE. Out of minutes. no free minutes	irrelevant information
The app seems a little... 'Eh, whatever, I guess	irrelevant information
Its okay but if you call someone then you hang up than a ad would pop up and it's annoying.	bug report
It is so bad I just like it is weak it is not offline weird	irrelevant information
Great app, though some features (creating an event) are not logically located. Also, can't figure out how to delete conversations that are years past.	feature request
I forgot my password how can I fin d it	feature request
Suuuper privacy	irrelevant information
Voice messages lag like crazy, I can't even send them and it sucks. The app is lagging overall. I've updated and reinstalled many times and same issues	bug report
I would say the app works overall pretty good. You'll have quite a few spam callers that'll take up most of your minutes, but other than that it works just fine.	irrelevant information
Very great app but I have some issues in phone in which I cant see some kind of text they just seem to be completely white and that's when I have to turn on my computer.	bug report
Please restore the search function to its previous iteration, I'm BEGGING you. Everything else is whatever, but the search function issue is unforgivable.	feature request
Still can't change text size or enable absolute timestamps (only "X minutes ago"). But, it's still the only E2EE platform I trust to not scan messages on the phone itself.	feature request
Used to be 5 stars, now one star due to removal of SMS functionality.	feature request
AWESOME BEEN USING TEXT NOW FOR 8YRS ITS PERFECT !!	irrelevant information
Would give 0 stars if possible. Horrible voice quality on every single call.	bug report
I have used discord 8-12 hours a day, for the past 4 years. Discord is my main form of communication, the only way that I talk with my friends and family overseas or around home. And Discord, I'm so disappointed in the new update. I havent updated my app, and I'm not going to. I see the new layout on friends phones- what is that? Where is my easy switch from a server to DM's? Where are my pinned images? Discord, your userbase likes the app because it ISNT like every other app. Dont change that.	feature request
It's pretty good, but I had a lot of trouble joining a group my friend invited me to, for some reason.	bug report
It starts collapsing every time i open it.i am facing this issue after the last update of this software.is there something wrong at my side or the software is no more available for mobiles?? Kindly tell me about it	bug report
Very easy to navigate and send links and pictures	irrelevant information
Very slow on my phone.  Messages don't show or notification doesn't push through to my phone	bug report
It's like one long text thread. The controls don't simply filter keywords or messages from a single member. I can't delete unwanted conversations either.	feature request
Works!	irrelevant information
Absolutely atrocious. I can't sent media files with the new discord mobile update. I don't know if it's a technical issue. Please fix this immediately!	bug report
Signed up with this stupid app then when I tried to login for the first time it said my account was suspended.	bug report
Its good but it kept deleting the numbers i had and other stuff	bug report
Since SMS support is being removed, this is now a useless application. I've uninstalled it today, and just wanted to express my disappointment. There are so many other chat apps that are already vying for my attention. If I can't use this as an SMS app as well, it's worth nothing to me. I'm not interested in your enhancements. I just want a solid SMS app that allows secure communication with people who also have Signal.	feature request
Stops working then wants you to pay.	bug report
So confusing!!	bug report
Buggy and Broken. I used to not have any issues but now I get stuck in channels, I can't see some channels at all unless I restart, I can't delete or react most times bc it shows up as a thin line where I can't even read the text or see the options. Idk what happened but it's so bad now.	bug report
It is okay, for now. My friends and I have each tried making a new group on the app and it will not show on our groups. We get the notifications saying we have been added to a group, but the group is nowhere to be found. Please fix this asap!!	bug report
Whoever invented this app had experience taking hostages.	irrelevant information
There's a lot of ads and sometimes texts take HOURS to get in. The call quality could be a whole lot better too. Other than that it's just fine. Oh and other people can't hear me sometimes	bug report
It does what you need it to do. Easy download, easy set up. Easy to find local numbers, works just like regular texting. I have used this several times.	irrelevant information
Cant start activation	bug report
It would've gotten 5 stars if it had the feature to support sms	feature request
The new update took alotnto get used to and still is inconvenient, but also doesn't feel like it was designed for phones at all. It constantly feels like my screen is too small, and it's slow and buggy as all hell. It just feels bad to text people with on my phone. If I didn't rely on it for Desktop, I'd have ditched it already	bug report
It needs quite a long time to open. And the white splash screen on the dark theme burn my eyes.	bug report
0 Censorship resistance, large data/battery life consumption.	irrelevant information
please have the option to switch back to the old UI	feature request
Worst because of sweden	irrelevant information
It won't let me send pictures anymore? Why???	bug report
Worst app ever used!! It sucks a lot... Not recommended at all.. Pls do not use this app.	irrelevant information
Lately, I can't get my minutes. They tell you to email them and I still haven't gotten minutes. WiFi calling sucks when phone is out of reach and so is texting. It really only works when phone is on, what's the point?	bug report
The new mobile ui is harder to navigate. Switching between dms and servers requires to many taps. And the pins no longer display images, but are also even less noticeable for those who are new to discord. One pro is discord will become less of a distraction for me when I am on my phone as I will be using it less.	feature request
Worsened UX across the board, worsened performance, in my case more clicks/actions needed to complete any of the flows I was using.	feature request
The app stopped sending messages when I'm on data. It only works on wifi for some reason.	bug report
How do I swipe Right? how do I see server members? how do I see people? is there a setting to bring it back??	feature request
Ever since this new update its been glitching alot more. I can't even see notifications from my friends if they text me until I get in the app and I finally see what they sent me. Please fix this. Aside from that it's a good app.	bug report
I hate this meadia controled app . They own every thing your pics , likely your text's and if they could your life !	irrelevant information
I have a large group of friends who keep telling to get this app, and every time I try to set up an account, I never get a text or call trying to confirm my number. I've redownloaded the app 3 time and tried putting my number in with and without area code. If I could just get in I would love the app.	bug report
Great to have if you don't want to give your personal number out.	irrelevant information
Tough	irrelevant information
Love 💕 using this app. Only downfall is the ADS. Especially the one after you make phone calls. Aaagg 😔	feature request
New update sucks. When people call me the it will just keep ringing and ringing even if I pick up or swipe away the notification close the app. It won't stop.	bug report
Bad move to phase out SMS support. Listen to users @Signal. There's still time to reverse this decision.	feature request
I did the update and now it doesn't open at ALL.	bug report
I liked TextFree until the recent upgrade.  Sending text messages now requires navigating whether to invite others... Simple text sending is no longer simple, so I'm looking for another app.	feature request
Lee glitching	bug report
Not Running in background always	bug report
shuts down.	bug report
Works when it wants	bug report
There's way too many ads pop up and calls dropping NEED A updated	bug report
Romany women driving my phone crazy	irrelevant information
Very bad experience. Everyone I called could not hear me and became frustrated even though it said Internet strength was excellent. Several times I tried to answer calls but it wouldn't do it and I lost the calls. You can't receive confirmation messages (ie you lost a password and they needed to confirm your telephone number) unless you pay for the subscription. This app sent me up the wall several times. This app took 4ever to load and required a lot of resources. I tried TextNow. Much better!	bug report
I won like 6 iPads to much scam dm	irrelevant information
Hard to navigate, even harder to read text. The color scheme is not friendly. Dark mode is barely different than midnight mode and both are hard to read with astigmatism. Discord was once the gold standard for having a readable dark mode and for some reason the only accessible option was removed. The messages tab being along the bottom is fine but all the navigation regarding it is so much clunkier than previously. Also the permanent activity bar is like an annoying banner ad.	feature request
Needs swipe to delete. Looking and acted dated..	feature request
Sms otp not receive	bug report
I like it because it allows you to see and get the things you missed out on.	irrelevant information
I would give 5 star if u can resolve only one problem .. "an option for switching account !!!!!!!" Please add this feature. A humble request	feature request
Bad UI update. Anyone know how to download a previous version of the app?	feature request
This app not working	bug report
Calls always dropping or can't answer when a call is coming in, it was fine at first. Considering trying to find another app.	bug report
Very good Pleased Thank you	irrelevant information
Works as advertised....get my notices as they come.	irrelevant information
The sms you sent me was not working	bug report
Was a great app. Used it for years. Now useless for me now that SMS functionality has been removed. It's unnecessary overhead to have to use multiple apps when wanting to send a message and remembering who has Signal and who doesn't. Can't believe there wasn't a UX solution for indicating whether a message was encrypted or plain old SMS.	feature request
Informative quick communication in private settings	irrelevant information
Unwanted calls	irrelevant information
Very pleasant on any and every aspect of communication, been our family's designated communication platform since Whatsapp was bought out and became a sell out. only issue faced was in transferring my profile and chat history from old phone to the new.	feature request
Cannot get the app to ring my phone when someone calls despite having all notifications turned on even on DND	bug report
no calls ever on app	bug report
It's a safe spot	irrelevant information
I am a long time Signal user, I was upset by their recent decisions to end SMS support, and to include stories (because EVERY app needs a stories feature). Signal seems to be going downhill fast and I will probably be switching to one of their competitors.	feature request
Notifications were not getting on time. All other apps working fine. Setting also fine. Check the app once again. Otherwise I will uninstall it. Can't get any notifications at all. Getting the messages after 5 min of sending. Don't install it if you want fast replies from your friends .	bug report
phone number does not work i would not reccomend you to download this	bug report
new design should be retracted	feature request
Fix bugs and lower the pricing as well and the signal strength	bug report
not even recie ing a sms or calling for insta or telegram registration	bug report
Resource-light and great for keeping connected Nov '23 Update: No discernable improvements, changes arbitrary and obnoxious, won't load new messages or even correct thread. Buggier, slower, visually no better. Can I roll back an update? :(	bug report
It has lots of weaknesses and not camparable with Telegram or Whatsapp	irrelevant information
revert the UI change. please.	feature request
I like it (5*), however, I had to delete the app and reinstall it and I lost all my conversations and images, etc. I don't see where to back all this up so that it is not lost next time! I will give 5* again when I get a proper response from developers.	bug report
I cant see new messages in my group, only mine. The new messages do appear on my notification bar though.	bug report
I don't want to change my number I would like to keep my old number	irrelevant information
Cost to much when other apps give talk for free to	irrelevant information
I been using this app I think for about 2 years now, I'm a photographer and I use my text free number as my busines number. Great app. I now use this app for my business number for my little car dealership that I have. This has been my business number for 2 years now. So far its still a good app, but now I be trying to figure out why is there a delay when talking to people on the phone, I'm hoping this doesn't continue	bug report
If you download this app your device will be hacked cuz the whole text now and text free has been hacked by an apple device who's able to receive any information as soon as you download this app and also text free app is another one DO NOT DOWNLOAD	irrelevant information
Even with limited minutes Text Free (Pinger) so far, is still better than Text Now.	irrelevant information
It's another good app for talking to people on	irrelevant information
App is unbelievable, slow, glitchy, all around trash, would not recommend.	bug report
Changing my review! I enjoy the new mobile update, I think it looks very sleek, however it runs incredibly slow, especially when opening the app. Hopefully a fix to improve the load times is coming soon?	bug report
the video frizz	irrelevant information
This app should be pulled. It will hold important messages hostage unless you give the maker money, and all under the lie of doing it for the users security. Be warned, if you use this app for app for password resets, they will not give you access until you pay them. It'll work for other messages, giving you a false sense of trust, but if determines that an incoming text is for resetting a password for whatever you've gotten locked out of, you won't see it until paying the ransom.	bug report
Stops working after. Every. Single. Screen. Tap. Click. Movement. Call. Message. It. Totally.Sucks!!!!!!!!!!!	bug report
Signal is ok to message on	irrelevant information
still having trouble logging in on the updated version. around the same time every night it stops letting me sign in.	bug report
Latest update makes it difficult to use the app. Trying to navigate between servers and DMs adds additional steps along with having to kill app and reopening every time I try to swap between any. Connectivity seems to be shotty now too. Not sure how they managed to go backwards so quickly with the app.	bug report
It nice I use it a lot but sometimes it freezes texts which takes them long to say and it also doesn't show text when someone says something it takes longer for me to get the text	bug report
It's nice I like it	irrelevant information
Beware!!! The moment I installed and opened the app it somehow charged my credit card. I didn't give them any of my info but they still charged me.EDIT they messaged me back that I will never be charged yet they charged my card $50 and they still have pending charge of $1 which means they will keep my card open to charge more. I would rather handle any disputes with my bank directly rather than giving these crooks any of my personal information.	bug report
Because it won't work	bug report
I like it the little that I've used it. However, it's not completely clear where/how to do alot of things. When you have problems, it doesn't help you the user to fix the problem that you are having.	feature request
Best thing ever, when I don't want to answer people on WhatsApp I run to signal and telegram	irrelevant information
Having no ability to group chat makes it almost useless. Now I have to use 2 msging apps? Took off 2 stars for that.	feature request
Easy to use, smooth experience. I was happier when it could be my SMS app, though. Now I need to remember which people are in my SMS app and which are in Signal.	irrelevant information
app shows me as online but does not notify me of incoming calls unless I'm	bug report
Can't change profile picture it's showing blure	bug report
It's just a disgusting app . When I am going to sign in it's coming can't sign in . It's just an disgusting app . I am suggesting everyone no to use this app them can use Google Meet / MS Teams / Cisco Webex . These three are the best app ever ............... Thankyou This is my suggestion to everyone............... Thankyou	bug report
When it works it's great now there is no ring tone	bug report
Not receiving push notifications on android, tried every step available at skype community page nothing worked, uninstalled and reinstalled app several times but not receiving any push notification. Losing a lot of opportunities due to this issue. Also there is no way to contact with custom support agents, please resolve this issue asap.	bug report
no more sms support, now worthless to me and the people I know	bug report
It's a good app for texting you don't have to use data, you can use everyone from your contacts list, you only have to use Wi-Fi but, the only downside for me I don't know if it depends on how far away the person is that is texting you or if your device itself but there is a 3 minute delay in between me sending a text and the other person receiving it and also somebody sending me a text and then me receiving it.	bug report
things, click profile - >settings. But I can't see a profile or menu. I'm	bug report
Sometimes it's great, and other times it's terrible	irrelevant information
Everytime i use it my text come super late	bug report
New version is very annoying. Not only is it buggy, but the swipe left now replies to a message instead of showing the side bar? UGH	feature request
This app was the part of the best chat app have ever used	irrelevant information
if you have internet and don't have the money for a phone plan send text now is for you	irrelevant information
Discord is full of crypto bots that promise big returns to manage users cryptocurrency but will rip the useer off given the chance so if the potential user doesn't fall for those scams they're onto a really good socialmedia platform that will build confidence in being social on socialmedia which other socialmedia platforms fail at, some of the socialmedia platforms are friends only by appointment media and that gives Discord the advantage, it also has the option to call other Discord users.	irrelevant information
Convenient and Useful and Easily Manuverable	irrelevant information
Excellent for privacy and ease of use. Unfortunately here in early 2023 the devs went too far off the ideological deep end and alienated tons of users by removing SMS support instead of clearly marking which messages are and are not secure. So now you'll need a totally separate app for normal texts, as this only works with special encrypted Signal texts.	feature request
The Calling feature need to be fix with Better Quality and This need to Be improve and The texting to Because it Suck This APP Overall  need to Be Fix it it Sucks	bug report
Nice but sound quality very slowly	bug report
It's anti White	irrelevant information
It's great for a large group to keep in contact. Very difficult to navigate back to see what was said if there is any confusion. We use it mostly to send pics of the youngest members of a large family spread across the country.	feature request
Always have a great experience with Skype,great way to connect with family.my daughter was living in the middle East for 10 years,and we felt much better when we could see and talk to her, and she could show her apartment to us,very convient.	irrelevant information
Not receiving any phone calls my husband is in prison and can't get through at all ther all prepaid calls I haven't heard from him in three weeks not impressed with this app Really need some help with the calling situation	bug report
Privacy is good	irrelevant information
This app won't play voicemails. I can't make calls. And it won't take calls from iPhones.	bug report
The app was so good at first, but stopped receiving verification notice.. OTP pin and some other messages.. not sure if save putting money on the app to shop..😔	bug report
It is not compatible with my PC and will continuously freeze up and not allow me to open any servers without multiple clicks.	bug report
The new updated mobile discord ui is very bad, chats will still present in the text field despite being send. Clicking the server btn to change between servers does not change the chat. Worst part is that messages could not be send and loading chats is simply unbearable, pls fix the issues quickly asap	bug report
discords great and all but genuinely the new UI is so bad. it makes basically everything harder to find. dms are a completely new tab for some reason, message searching is now constrained to the chat youre in, and you cant swipe over in servers to see members anymore. that last one is incredibly annoying. why would you make it harder to view members? and you have to go into the channels settings to even see the channel topic so its pretty much useless now. discord why do you hate your users??	feature request
it was good until they started forcing news notifications that i didn't ask for.	irrelevant information
new horrible UI and it's way slower. literally unusable	bug report
Major ripoff. Oh, and just try to get your money back. GOOD LUCK WITH THAT!!!	irrelevant information
The app won't update, I've been added to a chat and the only way I get	bug report
Hides recent calls and messaged, cuts out, app is bad.	bug report
Used to be great...now itv s sooooo slow	bug report
Won't allow me to delete conversations	bug report
Can call my girl usin Wi-Fi when my phone not on Haha	irrelevant information
I can't send any media to the servers or to someone in the private. It's not my wifi and other people can send media, but me not. I updated discord today and the problem did'nt fixed. Please, what's happening?	bug report
Straight up GARBAGE! If it was an option, I would've gave this app NO STARS. Ever since I paid for the 1.99 to receive 100mins, the app got worse. I sit close by my wifi router and its having issues to connect. I am the only person in my home using the wifi and the only device I use it for is my PHONE. Nothing else. Why the issues occurred right after I paid for 2 dollars for 100 mins?? Its costing me mins as well. What a complete rip-off.	bug report
It is creepy	irrelevant information
It's a mess. For both phone and computer, it's always seemingly having this "Connection," issue, which causes me to have to close and open the app a second time for it to work properly. It slows down when I look through my gallery and takes forever to send the pictures out, even IF you have good battery. On computer? The app is HORRIBLE with streaming (w/ Nitro too!) and it's slow as hell when you stream even the smallest of games.	bug report
It took over 20 min for my IT person to set this up. Then I turned off my phone and the app erased all of my peeps! What a joke!	bug report
Not great I rarely received my incoming calls and outgoing rarely went through either but texting is ok at best	bug report
Its good for team group chats	irrelevant information
Voice messages never load and can't be play	bug report
IM IRISH AND I DOWNLOADED IT AND IN CORNER IT SAID 59 MINS I WAS COUDFUS AND 1 MONTH LATER IT 0 MINS AND I HAVE TO OHH HELL NAH *DON'T DOWNLOAD *	bug report
user but i cant update my profile pic on app since long. It gives an error.	bug report
I give this app 0 star, it doesn't work on my device,I try all my best to register. it keep showing, Registration failed with error 1062[03476] pls can you explain why is like that????	bug report
Signal is a great app for messaging, and its desktop applications are well made. It just works, and in my case has always worked well. Handles video and voice calls great, and the only missing feature on the text front is silent messaging.	feature request
Horrible customer care service. Firstly to update my mobile number the website asks me to contact their customer support but even after sending three mails over a period of a week their customer support is so pathetic that I haven't received any reply.	bug report
Wonderful app for communication	irrelevant information
So I've been using this app for YEARS and didn't start having issues until last year. I would get messages and when I try to access the conversations it just keeps loading and if I attempt to send a message it disappears or doesn't send. This is very frustrating.	bug report
Needs update for features need to be added to this app	feature request
V nice ap for voice and video call in the world	irrelevant information
1 star until I can mute all messages beside @mentions in my system notification settings	feature request
voice audio get stuck , download speed very slow ! it's getting worst	bug report
Great application, serious about privacy	irrelevant information
I didn't have done root even though the app saying it's rooted and unauthorised	bug report
Great and easy	irrelevant information
Needs more fine controls. Sometimes, there's too much chatter in the group, which results in "dings" that really only a handful of people are interested in. Hierarchical notification choices--choosing a subset within a group to receive notifications from 'always,' 'seldom,' or that you have to opt in to, would be a significant improvement. Without that? I'm mostly going to choose to leave the app on "silent."	feature request
mobile app is awful. change it back	feature request
am getting an error saying close app and send feedback. Tried uninstalling	bug report
This app was great at first but now it is having issues on my phone. I have 12 different conversations but 1 doesn't work. When I open it, it won't open I can't read the conversation.	bug report
Bro auto verify phone and I can't verify because I forgot my password I can't use discord because of verify phone	bug report
More people needs to use this. Some features need to be added: live location and sending larger files.	feature request
Nice app and secure	irrelevant information
Love this platform. I have no problems using it at all. I'm happy to be able to use it in my communication with my friends overseas.	irrelevant information
It has its flaws but it also has its  great qualities	irrelevant information
Whenever I try to send a message and my service is spotty this app can't handle it. It either sends me several failure messages or just sits there spinning its wheels and doing nothing even when I get back in strong service. Usually I just have to cancel a message and resend in. Every other app has solved this problem, why do I have to babysit Signal to make sure my messages actually send? Considering I live in NY and am frequently messaging while on the subway this is particularly annoying.	bug report
How do I use this on my lap top?	irrelevant information
I give it a two because originally this app worked great but for the past while it would log me out of what I was reading/writing for no real apparent reason.. It won't hold the conversion open and closes either out of that or the app completely and randomly	bug report
Still characters in the cafeteria are staying in their seats and not eating	irrelevant information
My experience has been mostly through technological and digital means. I remember once signal came to life and ate all my cinnamon toast crunch but then re-remembered I used to smoke alot of pot and cereal is awesome when your baked. Signal is awesome and many thanks to the Devs and it's protecting something we take for granted, I would say it but it's private, and they do it cause they're amazing. I owe yall some coffee but nd a developer 2 make my app and we b rich. Signal is a gift. TY	irrelevant information
I've had a great experience and still getting more out of it. great app.	irrelevant information
It wouldn't let me register so never saw how well it worked	bug report
it worked great when the team was separated at different events. coaches and chaparones were able to stay on top of things and everyone knew what was happening.	irrelevant information
Works ok must of the time I'd pay of texting if I wasn't so cheap lol	irrelevant information
Error registration 9080	bug report
It's a good app. It's just annoying that it keeps asking you to verify your account.	feature request
Calls constantly dropped but its good for texting	bug report
As for money 6.99 delete it off again	irrelevant information
I love this app it's all just right there.thank you for making it easy	irrelevant information
Behind of call very loudly noise.. like trafficking noise	bug report
I don't have surveys but i can text anyway	irrelevant information
With HTC phones it crashes upon loading. Used to work great until the latest update.	bug report
please stop putting in updates that people didn't ask for it takes 10 extra steps to do anything with the new update :(	feature request
You will hear the messages coming in but don't show up sometimes and phone call quality is very poor other person doesn't hear you well..and it let callers no it's text now I don't want them.to know it's a fake number..on voice mail	bug report
It doesn't even work.It's always crushing and freezing up.It wasn't always like that. Edit:Yeah restarting and redownloading the app solved the problem	bug report
Where to start with the issues? Always have same issues can't see messages or chats. Must log out and back in to be able to view messages. Sending gifs most of the time fail or don't load.	bug report
BACK TO THE US AND TEXT. WILL THIS LET ME CALL FROM MEXICO TO THE US? ALSO	feature request
When I had an iPhone this app would have gotten 5 stars, but with my android all the videos I try to share come out sideways and distorted. I checked with my sisters and each one with an iPhone the video comes out fine, all with androids have the same issue so I know it's not just my phone. Once this issue is resolved, I will change my rating to 5 stars. thanks!	bug report
Too lag and too slow	bug report
I got my account back but the the only thing I care about is the glitches that need to be fixed like first of of when I verify to get in a server with my phone number when I use the verify code it doesn't work like when I click verify it just doesn't work so can you please fix this	bug report
Its nolongsr good	bug report
I giving this app a three star because i tryed to relog in with the right passward and user name then it send me to do the verify thing and i click on all the.right photo and its then says my passward and user are wrong when it is not. That all i have to say but this app is good though	bug report
This is an amazing app I use it for my family and friends it works so good	irrelevant information
Its one of the better free calling app	irrelevant information
Helpful App and ❤❤❤❤	irrelevant information
im a discord user for 3 years, a nitro user and server booster and it's myt 1st time to review the app. The recent update made the app so slow. I clicked an emoji but the emoji besides what I clicked is the one being sent. That's how laggy it is.	bug report
If free texting is great but every call that comes in, the person calling can't hear me but I hear them. But if I make the call, they hear me most of the time	bug report
Just downloaded, so far so good!	irrelevant information
Good overall app I've had it for about 8 or 9 months it's kept my number constant and I get all my messages within a reasonable amount of time but the only downside is you have to pay monthly to disable the ads and the SIM card isn't able to be compatible on all phones so be careful	feature request
Says free but that is a lie it is false advertising the BBB should shut it down.	bug report
Getting error continuously while downloading media specifically video. can't even download a 7mb video. it's starting the download then again came back to 0 %. while on the other hand i can easily download everything on chrome and orher apps.	bug report
Bhraminical	irrelevant information
ithis app is good but for some reason it never lets me call people it only lets me text, and when other people try to call me it doesn't ever go through	bug report
It keeps going off my phone .plus hard to use at times	bug report
Great for coworkers and manager chatting	irrelevant information
Overall, great BUT We have stories on Signal but we don't have an Edit button - and this is a way more useful functionality.	feature request
It's been ok hard to use my gallery photos	bug report
New ui layout is trash.	feature request
A little choppy but otherwise great.	irrelevant information
No longer supports sending normal text messages. Very bad decision. I won't be back.	bug report
Calls echo on speaker & there's tons of ads on the free version. You can't turn off the screen while on a call so it drains your battery & shows you ads. Update: won't let me get verification texts without premium. Really underhanded. Update 3: bought minutes & couldn't use them to send or receive calls (wifi wasn't strong enough & I missed an important call back). Update 4: my dad called on my bday & I didn't get a notification until 4 days later. Text to my friend didn't send or let me know.	bug report
It sucks you have 2 pay 4 new app every 2 weeks	irrelevant information
Not as delighted as before; appearance of spam messages that can't be deleted is an annoyance.	feature request
It a really great app of meeting but it doesn't have enough emojis	feature request
This app use to work well. Now all of my group msgs come through as sms. I	bug report
One of the best social media platform	irrelevant information
It won't let me save my contacts which is annoying irritating other then changing the name the app is good	bug report
sometimes you can't make phone calls	bug report
Don't use the same email for Skype and Microsoft 365, it will be marked as suspicious, and your 365 account will be locked. I am struggling with the support for more than a month, and getting nowhere. Better, just avoid using this at all	bug report
this app is talking and chating best app :D	irrelevant information
A definite audio Improvement,however bullish w/ads,I feel that is Not necessary,Otherwise for a FREE Phone +a #, that's K👀l. They have come along way in the years of service, and a hint will be (for the service to work correctly then I have to accept most all of the permissions requested from the App).so I'm not lost just trying to answer a call.. Thanx	feature request
This is major issues message and delivered more time 🥺🥺 please improve this because internet connection Good but message not delivered and take more time and rest all feature is good if this issue solved then this app bit all applications and this app known for privacy then yes 😍but instant delivered message not stay please stay on this statement also be 🥳 l hope solve this issue instantly please	bug report
I like it but it is i bit slow but its cool	irrelevant information
Today it started not letting me send or receive messages! Please fix this! I can't talk to my friends/family without it, I don't have a phone atm so I really need this :( please fix this immediately and I'll rate 5 stars!	bug report
This has been the #1 mode of communication between my son and I for many years. It used to be great. Now it is terrible. I don't get pics that he sends of my grand children and no matter what I do I cannot fix it. I sure wish they had actual human beings to speak with to fix it.	bug report
I had a Recent Attack on my Account By somebody hacking my Account and sending inappropriate Groups and I would like If it discord Can Patch/Ban or do something to these Inappropriate groups to get off Discord	bug report
Was great up until a recent uodate. When sending images, the screen is extremely convoluted and doesn't allow quick selection anymore. Also, for some reason when I click a photo sent to me, I now have to pan across the screen to see it, I cannot see the picture in its entirety since the last update. Please slap whoever voted for this new UI. This is so unintuitive and unusable its embarrassing.	feature request
Nothing but adds and inter eruptions tell it findlay quits call out or receiving calls. I didn't like it	bug report
Could use some work	irrelevant information
Signal is agreat app to use.	irrelevant information
Hate that I can't turn off notifications	feature request
Useless with voice servers. No recognisable DTMF sent. Pure waste of money and time. Again, thank you Microsoft engineers, best of the best user experience specialists.	bug report
The app is very time waisting and it can ruin you if you use it to much, my account got disabled for a false reason...	bug report
It's bad. New font is bad, vcs are bad, it's just a buggy mess now.	bug report
Sooooooo many bugs, can't believe it is a Microsoft product	bug report
Seriously why is it impossible to write a review? Google and Android suck now. This app in particular has turned to absolute junk. It constantly disables my account for no good reason. Won't find a number. Says I created too many accounts. You guys have to clean house and hire some competent staff.	bug report
Dont get notifications on my Android. They are marked for allowing in settings. I end up missing so much information. This recently started.	bug report
New layout in latest update sucks soooo muchh	feature request
i hate this because u have tew refresh this jst tah get yo mesage i am about tew uninstall this app	bug report
Its an easy used	irrelevant information
Can't erase failed message notification and can't erase unread message notification. I have finge thru every single message and the icon will not clear. Very irritating. Please fix	bug report
Call quality is fine, But the new interface is so bad	feature request
contacts by turning the green circle with a check into a gray circle with	feature request
Slow ..can't call .it says fre calls a d text bit u have to pay .false advertising to me ..	bug report
It's ok, poor design.	irrelevant information
Why can't I create any an account on the web	bug report
The new ui has arguably less accessability and im constantly fighting muscle memory to try and navigate around the hidden features i used to be able to see right away. Has made managing my own as well as using other server unnecessarily clunky.	feature request
Good to work with	irrelevant information
The newest update makes even basic navigation between chats a pain.	feature request
It used to work fine but then I was missing messages. I updated the app and it deleted all of my messages, also, if someone doesn't reply to a message they are automatically deleted from the group and you can't add them back.	bug report
I cant update my Skype, kindly need to chk	bug report
others think I'm spam	irrelevant information
YES! THE APP IS GOOD! JUST LEAVE ME ALONE, AND QUIT ASKING ME TO RATE YOU! JESUS CHRIST, PEOPLE!	irrelevant information
I don't like the fact that I have messages I can't remove. It seems to be working fine now but a year ago I tried it and it didn't connect me.	feature request
This app has been great until now but for the past 3 days I am able to see everyone always active even if they aren't and they can see me always active as well. I don't get notifications for new messages and calls. Not sure what the problem is since this is not only happening with me but a number of people. Please help fix this issue asap.	bug report
Won't let me call out . I have minutes and it still won't let me call out	bug report
This is a great way to use my phone at home where I have no service. Some of the ads are offencie.	feature request
I was Gonna Rate higher but Discord did a update just a few days ago saying that everyone gotta change there name from Discrimiators but I like the numbers being on the username now there takeing things off just to make finding someone harder. Plus not to mention you can just change it at anytime so that's a problem too.	feature request
I enjoy the app the only.problems is sometimes when unsaved important numbers call me it gets lost and I can't find it and also letting us see numbers we blocked , like I accidently blocked my ant and theirs no option to unblock her and also. Calls are always failing at times please fix these three areas other than that texting is unlimited and it's ah great app .	feature request
it keeps glitching	bug report
It used to be AWESOME but you guys changed the mobile design for THE WORST!!!!((! YOU guys are my greatest enemies and i have another complaint too!!! You guys changed the pleading emoji for the WORST. It used to look kinda funny so I could use it as a joke, but now it looks like something my mom would use on Facebook in all seriousness. My life is rUINED because of the new discord update. My 6 children ran away when they found out they made a new discord layout. I don't actually have children.	feature request
I purchased minutes and they refused to apply them to my account, even after contacting their help team. Money wasted.	bug report
hate your damn little tweaks that ruin my every being (ie moving around the gif fav icon, making the +react icon look horrendous [also stands out more which wouldnt be a problem if I actually liked it] and the collage feature ruining what certain images look (quotes, comic panels, etc) that also lag the hell outta me. If collaging was customizable sure Id like it. Tbh the react icon changing to *that* was the last straw for me which is why I use an apk of an older build now. Hell2U but i love yo	feature request
i edge to this	irrelevant information
Drops my calls 50% of the time and sometimes I don't get my text messages until a couple hours later but other than that it's okay	bug report
Love Discord and The Video/Voice Chatting is constantly working nicely. Enjoy the ease and convience other "wanna-be social platforms" Do Not Have. Love the ease of navigating and pretty easy to set up.	irrelevant information
My problems, when I send a message in an area where I have low reception and that message doesn't get sent, it just stays there and I'm unable to delete it. The older version had a long press function, reincorporate that. Also make the "back" button not quit the app but instead take you to the list of groups.	feature request
Really good on a pc but unable to log in on phone, it keeps saying the password/email is incorrect	bug report
People send me pics and I don't get them and it stoped working for some reason	bug report
This app has worked flawlessly for years, but I simply can't understand why they would be ending SMS support. What does Signal have that Telegram does not? They will surely lose the majority of their users by doing this.	feature request
Latest update breaks so many things. Tapping on a notice that someone replied to your message can leave you completely stuck & have to kill the app. Can only search within a single channel at a time now on each server. Frequent visual glitches that you have to keep rotating or changing channels to fix. Embedded thumbnails of videos hosted on Discord servers are all broken. Many little things changed unnecessarily & made worse than before. Canceling Nitro until they stop breaking things.	bug report
Need to make it to where when it updates u don't lose the shortcut for the app	feature request
The textnow isn't working can't dail a number freezing up please help	bug report
It say free calls to but we got to pay for it .	bug report
Liked the old UI a lot better + I've been having constant bugs trying to see messages and on other channels and servers after the one I opened the app too and I even have to get out and back into the app to see new msgs in that channel itself. Rarely different since I updated the app, maybe once it worked properly at all. Peeved with dc keeping on changing features the userbase loved and were memorable and people had few issues with. I get keeping up w the times, but there's a difference to this	feature request
Could use more settings.	feature request
This App Is Absolutely Awesome, From Chatting, To Making Community Servers, To Having Fun And Joy! With Discord, It's The Best Selling App To Use For Communities Like This. Sometimes, But Not Always!	irrelevant information
My friends get a message saying that messaging is blocked. They can see my messages but can't reply ...	bug report
This is definitely one of the best apps ever has I can call and show my camera, mute and deafen myself. Although, there has been a glitch on my device where sometimes when I try to join a voice call and play Roblox, Discord sometimes just randomly leaves the call, without telling me or doing anything to warn me about it. This is why I rate this app 4 out of 5 stars.	bug report
Simple but a great tool, among other positive uses.	irrelevant information
First Of All. I Create An Account And It Got Suspended. Im A New User To This App. I Dont Know Why It Suspended My Account.	bug report
Pretty helpful 👍	irrelevant information
Its useful but has a great delay and poor response time which is aggravating and the signal even with excellent connection is dropped if those issues could and would be fixxed it would become more popular and frequently used. And sadly like most apps the developer contact information when reached out to does not respond which is unsatisfiying	bug report
Best apk i uninstalled whatsap after using the singnel	feature request
The app is very helpful but whenever I call, the screen always goes black whenever I tap so maybe look into that. Other than that, great app and please fix my problem!	bug report
discord never listens to our feedback! i ALMOST gifted nitro for xmas, this update makes me unwilling to support a company that wastes money. many bugs. not enough space to write them here. still have to mute and unmute to start audio. newest update changed everything around, made things even slower and more awkward.. still has audio bugs etc affecting everyone i know. this latest change is really poorly thought out. more clicks to do things that were easy. disconnects. send fails. bad ux.	bug report
This is my first time to text now and so far I like it. Thank you.	irrelevant information
Very safe ❤️	irrelevant information
Worked the first time I used it. Installed it again on a new phone and it won't let me use my old profile. And somehow it changed my email login info. Never had that happen before. Thats a big security issue. Support has not responded in 10 days.	bug report
This is a good app it keeps messing up on me but it sends most of my text all though if someone calls you can't answer or hear the voicemail	bug report
Constantly getting spam calls. And I mean it's constant. And then when I try to use it to call out 90%of the time it won't. Sad because when I had this app years ago it worked great and had none of these issues and no spam calls.	bug report
Always used Skype prefer to to any other chat app, always works the best and is clean and gives a smooth user experience	irrelevant information
bad update horrible app now was good	bug report
10 out of 10	feature request
Very nice to be able to communicate with are whole softball team love this app.	irrelevant information
I use group me everyday cause its convenient BUT I need someone over there to fix group me please. Sometimes messages don't go thru, sometimes you don't get notification there is a new message so when you randomly check group me you 400 messages behind, emojis get lost, pictures don't upload. Its just really annoying 😩	bug report
Real PIA. just give me the update already. Got on with it ...am I a hostage? Feels like it	irrelevant information
Works pretty well. I wish it was open source or at least open API.	feature request
It's annoying to receive a call notification 30-60 minutes later. This issue affects others too. There are no limits on battery usage, but the app doesn't work as it's supposed to. Doesn't happen in other alternatives	bug report
The calls are okay except for one thing it has an echo when you call someone..thanks sadie.h	bug report
Very confusing on how to set up and add contacts when switching devices.	feature request
This app has gotten worse over the years. It used to be good quality when I am an a call. Know it just kinda gotten laggy and tons of adds, and the sound is getting worst. I also have pure wifi over here and my phone is pretty good as well. So it's probably not those two.	bug report
App is still usable, but takes longer to start up. New UI is horrendous compared to the old one, having to switch tabs basically to go from dms to servers. It just feels slower in general when operating the app.	feature request
Discord is a great app, and it keeps adding new stuff to make the app interesting. If it works for you, then great! But for me, wheneverna discord invite is loaded, Discord just crashs.	bug report
App never rings. App never rings. Miss all calls 100% of the time. Makes calla just fine. Call quality is good. However every tone I call from another phone, it will not ring. Thank goodness I don't need to use it for outgoing calls.	bug report
It has everything but wont update it just says pending	bug report
This app is great for keeping my 20 immediate family members in touch with each other. The option to mute the conversation is well like by the male spouses that don't need to be notified for everything. The only drawback is that it doesn't sync to my Samsung watch to let me know when there are new messages. Otherwise, Groupme is awesome!	feature request
I favorite app for this and i am full time useing this app but i am a student and my official account is disabled and my exam was started my notes and more that account you was big 😭 scam for me my notes and more that account i was cry my life full you app ______	feature request
Been having a problem with my contacts syncing and staying synced. For some reason all my contacts will disappear and when receive a text all I can see is the phone number. So most time I don't know who is txting and have to check my little phone book so I can text anyone	bug report
Intrusive advertisements, most offers for more minutes dont work or are scams, and watching vids gives 1 minute at a time for a 30 second advertisement. Text Now is a FAR superior app. They need to really lay back on the ads with this one!!	bug report
Backup issue Not able to backups old phone chat to new cell, every time it's showing "backup cound not be read error" While giving backups file location please help	bug report
Not sending my texts it keeps saying can't send to number	bug report
i feel that I'm not the only one on my account and that your security is a joke and wish u would perfect our privet into a little my its private for a reason	bug report
Good op I like this	irrelevant information
Like the app but cant get it to have a shortcut on my home screen.	feature request
Is a good app just a lil difficult to join specific group or link to others.	feature request
Added garbage crypto features and removed sms	bug report
The new update is amazing But the bc actively game thingy is pretty lagy and takes a great amount of time to load	feature request
Not so good. I tried to message others and it just won't budge. It always says dilvery failed	bug report
Was looking for a replacement to my standard messaging app. But this will no longer support cross functionality with users with out the app.	feature request
All text logs just gone,not erased by me. And gee thanks cuz one was for my work. Kinda important was gonna subscribe til that happened.	bug report
Text works great, but we can't here ourselves at all when I talk with the phone! Idk what that is!	bug report
Hello, i love this app and all but theres some problems so if i try to log in and all it works but then i have to verify my account and it gives me the code although its the real code, i get told that it's invalid or that another discord user is already using it. Please have a look at that.	bug report
New UI is horrible, unintuitive, laggy, and lacks quality of life features that existed before.	feature request
not connecting well	bug report
There are a lot of problems. Video quality is one. The app not ketting me or the other person make calls even when we have service and Wi-Fi. Kicking me out of the app and not letting me back on. I don't reccomend it anymore. Not as good as it was.	bug report
UI is overwhelming	feature request
it's been productive	irrelevant information
Please listen to your customers and stop "innovating new things" by making your platform harder to use for no reason.	feature request
Nice idea, but poor functionality Can't watch stream/broadcast most of time it just sits spinning/buffering with black screen I can't react to messages I randomly get disconnected and have to disconnect and rejoin The idea behind Discord is great but they need to work on making it actually functional instead of messing with constantly changing the interface. Please focus on it being able to function instead of how pretty it looks	bug report
Just heard about their crypto debacle. I would have paid monthly but now I'm looking for a replacement app. Once again money ruins something good. Orig review: What "sold" me on this app is that it is open source and it has perfect forward secrecy. Love the desktop integration using a keyboard so I don't have to crab out messages with my thumbs like I'm doing now which SUCKS. This app and the people behind it are doing their part to legalize freedom and we all owe them a huge debt of gratitude.	feature request
While the underlying technology of the Microsoft owned Skype may be state	feature request
notifications still delayed, and I can't change my friends nicknames in my friend list.	bug report
Ads here and there,scam calls here and there, but this app has always been a reliable second number for me. I once even bought the number for something i dont remember and it even worked better. Only issue i have ever really had is when i am at times on a call, when i try to press numbers within the call it will mess up or time out or something like that.	feature request
Its real and very smart	irrelevant information
So far so good. There could be some extra messaging options, like on android. But overall not bad.	feature request
i think some of u are a little slow because everything is still there its just a different layout	irrelevant information
Friends I love you Carly friend	irrelevant information
No free! You have to buy minutes and buy the phone # itself.	irrelevant information
Immediate response. Good clarity. Good service. Thanks. Phil Thomas	irrelevant information
Very efficient and affordable	irrelevant information
It was very good and useful app, until they require to pay to get sms verification codes with weekly subscription. When last year was yearly subscription with 5$ it was much better. Now it's just a money greedy app. I'm really switching to another service.	feature request
Hey why can't see previous pictures in dm! I already update but still not norma	bug report
Whelp, new mobile layout is mid. Time to switch to desktop only. Upon reading many other reviews, it sounds like discord needs to admit their mistake and just change the ui back to the previous one. I'll be honest even having to go change my settings to fix it is an unnecessary hassle. At least make the old ui the default	feature request
After the new ui, the experience became dreadful. I can't mute or unsure people in calls. The navigation is awful, and there is no way to bring back the old interface. The app keeps getting updated, and nothing is fixed.	feature request
I really hate this app. The setup process and ability to connect to others is gravely flawed. I have gotten unsolicited contact from people I have never met, and who should not have my information, but I am not able to connect a contact from a friend's personal invite. That makes zero sense. GroupMe fails at its primary function: providing a way to connect and communicate with others. Do not download this app! I would give it zero stars, but the Play Store doesn't allow for that.	bug report
I cant delete my phone number	bug report
Don't waste your time on this app You nether receive any sms and nor make any call	bug report
Generally no problems for what I use it for but recently it started crashing by just opening the keyboard so.. kinda unusable. happens 'every' time I try to type anything	bug report
New UI lags horribly makes everything way too big and also makes everything so far away	bug report
I just started Signal so not sure	irrelevant information
Not occurred	irrelevant information
new ui makes things way clunkier than needed . moving from dm to server has been made significantly less convenient. additionally, theres a regular bug where the bottom menu to move from dm/server/notifs will move to the bottom of my screen where it's behind my phone's buttons that allow me to go to my home screen or switch thru bg apps; when this happens i have to completely close the app and restart since it makes me unable to move from menu to menu in the app. tldr; booo tomato tomato	bug report
Removed sms support and therefore removed what made this app better than the rest. Just another WhatsApp clone now.	feature request
This is the best app for private chat	irrelevant information
Very good app to use	irrelevant information
Is Perfectment	irrelevant information
Difficult to add people	feature request
Calls are clear and rarely dropped	bug report
The chat I'm in keeps disappearing and sometime the message won't send. Please fix this	bug report
Somehow the UX keeps getting worse, impressive.	feature request
Can't upload pictures, click on pictures, access member list...the app crashes each time	bug report
Used to be a fantastic app, incredibly poor decision to drop sms messaging support as I use this exclusively and have since 2012. I've been advocating for others to use it as well. Now, I'll be uninstalling. So incredibly disappointed.	feature request
I just now tried the new UI update and completely understand all the terrible reviews. I love discord and will continue to use it, by why completely change the design on mobile? I can only beg the desktop version can be spared.	feature request
There's a bug fix your app I give you my hard earned money for this to work not the opposite	bug report
Its very good except for the fact every time i tru to call it never is able to connect	bug report
Great app for groups without giving too much personal information away!	irrelevant information
Had to stop using this app and switch to text free because this app for some reason doesn't ring on phone calls until after the caller has already hung up. This has been a issue for some time, not only that but also text alerts don't come through until you open the app 90% of the time. Mind you I have 5g data plus great wifi connections. Not even just that the caller always complains they can't hear me talking so if you're looking for a second number app choose a different one take my word.	bug report
This new update is awful. You can no longer see where you were mentioned in servers, and swiping left now replies to a message instead of showing you members online. This is definitely geared towards people who aren't in many servers or are only in Dm's. Not to mention their support site is actually useless.	feature request
It's app is good	irrelevant information
and reinstalled (even within a day or two). Defeats the very purpose of the	bug report
Its good but it says network error n I got perfect signal n it let's me us other apps dat require wifi	bug report
I used this app to follow my favorite creator and then my account was disabled because i was 12 although it said it was for 12+	bug report
Don't have one no more	irrelevant information
Ruined the UI completely. Going back to Ventrilo	bug report
It no longer loads. This was a great app til a few days ago. Not getting incoming messages after update..Reinstalled and now nothing. It refreshes for hours and never loads. Tried all fixes pinger posted. All don't work. I get an email stating pinger messaged my comment...where?	bug report
The app is great and all but it sometimes crashes out of nowhere regularly and the voice calls are always unstable	bug report
Well this app is soo good for Listening Music and for gaming, but it sometimes disconnects the voice. Other this app is easy to use and very comfortable 🙂	feature request
I used to love and praise Signal, and was were pleased with it's functions. However, removing SMS support turns this to yet another messaging app that divides people instead of offering a single app that works for every contant. Such a sad direction Signal's heading- instead of standing out as the perfect messaging app, it will just blend in with others.	feature request
If I could rAte you zero I will why is my messages not sending?	bug report
CON- a bit slow and laggish and lots of ads! PRO- mostly free and easy to use!	bug report
So Cool	irrelevant information
It's kind of dumb because you still have to pay to be able to leave messages unless you  update it and you can't have voice mail unless you pay for it  I thought it was called text free	bug report
Great App. Would be nice if you could edit within minutes of sending as fat thumbs and autocorrect can be a dangerous mix	feature request
Love the app, my only issue is the amount of ads. This doesnt bother me to much, because its to help you gain money, BUT, its to the point where it lags out sometimes. I have no other issues with it than it being to the point of lagging out.	feature request
Good app but notifications are delayed by 5-10 mins sometimes. For time sensitive notifications, this is really annoying.	bug report
A bit strange user interface - you don't know at first where to press for calling, you search for a handset, then speaker is ON when someone answers...so unusual, bad user experience for using the program on mobile device. UI like made just to be different - l don't like it! Also searching for other users could be much better. But otherwise OK for cheap communications.	feature request
I just barely download the app stay tuned I will let you know how it works ready to use it now	irrelevant information
Constant updates on desktop version, updates on droid version make it where contacts who do not have Signal, can't send me photos/video messages. I use to really like this app, but every time an update comes out, my "like" for this app falls further and further down the drain. I'm ready to abandon Signal and encourage others to do the same. I want my permissions back for my default app to be able to accept mms/sms messages whereas signal has hijacked them , STOP with the endless useless updates.	bug report
Too many messages daily. Get nasty unwanted messages and no way to stop them.	bug report
I never get my calls. just the txt messages.	bug report
The app functions well enough. I don't like the fact that I can't delete my account 😒. I don't want to simply Uninstall, I want the account to be nonexistent.	feature request
The new UI is so bad I don't even know what to say like bro just go back to the old design it was amazing	feature request
great while it lasted but the decision to discontinue SMS support means I (and thousands more) will be ditching the app. Hope the devs enjoyed their 4.9 rating because they'll never see it again	feature request
Good app but my microphone cuts out specifically on this app for some reason	bug report
I can't log who 😠😲😡	bug report
Fix the app please!!! Used to be so great now I wont get notifications and it sitts loading forever never had those issue before	bug report
I am in China.Bought Huawei cell. I use VPN, daily.To access Western sites. Unable to download Skype from Google Play. ?	feature request
I've been using text now 99cent Sim card the service off the wifi I I ss pretty decent. tried to transfer my number was a few days until I got the data to work in town and its glitchy but ok. not sure if I'm the cause lol. in a punch if you have wifi and no minutes on ur phone it will do the job.	irrelevant information
Somedays it let's me make calls other days nothing at all.	bug report
So far I am learning to use the app but it has been easy to use	irrelevant information
It is always difficult to talk anybody on phone. It is because you cannon make a call or you can hear anything. It forces you to subscribe by block messages from one of my friend.	bug report
Easy and private	irrelevant information
It's better than most. Calls are much easier.	irrelevant information
App has always worked for me	irrelevant information
Old version was very functional. New version has worse use of space and doesn't work in horizontal mode.	feature request
Literally love this app but new update for mobile version is feeling like discord lost its originality. The interface makes it look like just another copycat version of whatapp and other social apps. We just want the performance to be better, not the way it looks. It was perfect the way it was before in my opinion.	feature request
No privacy mods can read ur chats	bug report
i can not make calls it never goes through and its so irritating because i really need to make a cool 😫	bug report
I liked this app until the news that they are dropping SMS. Will never be able to entice anyone to switch to it now for all the reasons others have said. My other gripe is that I have only been able to attach one picture per message, requiring multiple texts to send two or three pictures. Guess that doesn't matter any more. I'll hold onto it for a while in case the people at Signal sober up and restore SMS functionality but until they do it is basically worthless.	feature request
I gave it 3 stars because when i customized my server, the discord mobile was blank, very buggy	bug report
Sharing in our women's church group is made possible, and made easy!, with this app. Grateful for it.	irrelevant information
This app is okay. The big complaint i have is that after being on this app for a certain amount of time, it starts to faulter and glitch. Itll send me my messages and calls but when i open the app i have no notifications and dont get my texts and calls.	bug report
i love discord still, but the new mobile layout is bad, i dont know a single discord user who actually likes this update, it makes the app way less intuitive so its hard to use. this update was unnecessary and made things worse	feature request
Putting minor bugs aside, there's something that I've noticed since early 2023. While on mobile I try to view a friend's stream (when they're on PC). The stream refuses to load, it just shows the loading screen forever. We've tried everything we could find to fix it, and nothing works.	bug report
Couldn't figure out how to do a video call, to confusing!	bug report
It's a lot of fun and I'm having a wonderful time being a part of this group!;!	irrelevant information
The new themes and UI aesthetic design Discord implemented look great. The problem is the user-friendy navigation for mobile users is gone, the layout that made Discord such a breeze to use on mobile is gone, optimization is terrible. Primarily, the mindless and easy way anyone could swipe to what they need next, it requires no focus or effort, which is why many apps nowadays implement swiping mechanics into their apps. To optimize Discord for mobile, easy access swiping should be implemented.	feature request
In the world of stealing and selling of our precious data, this app is a breath of fresh air for Android users.	irrelevant information
Still love this app, and the privacy!	irrelevant information
Use it alot love it	irrelevant information
I have reduced my review to 1 star since this app no longer works at all on my Xiaomi redmi note 4 (MIUI 10.1) phone. It deleted all my groups. I don't get any push notifications anymore. so if you have a Xiaomi phone I don't recommend it. I now use Hangouts with people who don't have a smartphone since it's available in Gmail via a web browser.	bug report
It's a good app, but receiving verification codes used to be free but now it's cost money. I don't wanna spend almost 5$ or more every month just to receive a verification code.	feature request
I love this app it keeps me informed and I can continue to call my contacts if I lose my primary number I plan to keep it	irrelevant information
Active	bug report
Chats are not opening suddenly, and the app keeps crashing...	bug report
I dont know what happen but i cant receive any otp from my accnts using this number anymore	bug report
Sucks because somebody text pinger number is getting forward to my phone and it won't stop	bug report
Whenever I get to discord from a different app/game that is on horizontal display, the channel list becomes wonky, the images becomes very large and i ALWAYS need to restart the app for it to display correctly	bug report
I didnt have problem with Skipe before Microsoft bought it	irrelevant information
can't transfer from Android to iPhone	bug report
I wish the calendar can save in history or reoccurring for following year.	feature request
Discord is a awesome app thank you for this great app you created for us to enjoy I give this app a 5 star rating happy holidays	irrelevant information
After the "update," not good anymore. Skype on Samsung S9+ and on an iPad. iPad will ring when a call comes through but not the Samsung phone. Then after a minute while talking on Skype from iPad, Skype on the Samsung will start ringing for the call that I am already on. And as everyone else stated, you cannot get rid of the badge notification unless you turn off notifications. Would have given it 1 star but will give it the benefit of doubt that it is related to new Android os version.	bug report
For chatting, the app is great but it has bugs. Really annoying ones	bug report
No more WhatsApp and all that your privacy is your lies. One major issue I encountered is the contacts doesn't show up as you save them for instance Daniel becomes Brother Daniel or so	bug report
This is overall a good app only problem is it wont let me receive or send picture messages. What the heck?!	bug report
This app isn't great. It don't work half the time. When I get calls it don't even ring alot of the time. It needs worked on.	bug report
this app works very well for texting & voice calls.	irrelevant information
It works fine. I had the app up before I was invited by my group so it actually didn't like my password. I had to delete and reinstall the app a couple of times. But now that I am actually on there with my group it recognizes me without the password step. Easy now!	bug report
I have it a 5 star review three years ago. I wish this app was like then. also fix your garbage false-banning system discord!!!	feature request
Been happening for awhile, but I don't receive notifications at all on my phone. I have it enabled from my settings, in the app, they just don't show up. The chats aren't muted, so I'm really just not sure why it won't work. The updates sort of fix it for a day or two and it just goes back to doing it again. Really frustrating having an app dedicated to chats and it can't even send notifications.	bug report
backup number and work on wifi without the extra	feature request
Moves slow but works	bug report
Why when I turn my phone screen off, can the other person no longer see me? There video freezes completely until I or they re-open the app again.	bug report
It alright when its on wifi lol	irrelevant information
This app put a floating icon on my phone that I cannot remove. I uninstalled it simply because it was one of the most annoying apps I have ever used. Even after I looked at a text message I could not get rid of the icon that floated on my desktop or whatever it is that phones have.	bug report
Still disconnecting calls... before I'd pay to have TextNow be my service provider... it cannot be dropping calls...	bug report
I made an account for my brothers to be able to text and call me without having to have a paid for phone. Within not even 3 minutes of making an account, it said their account was suspended. They didn't even get the chance to do anything?? And I didn't even have time to memorize their phone numbers so I couldn't report it. Would not recommend.	bug report
Very good and appreciate	irrelevant information
It fades in and out sometime.	bug report
When I first downloaded the app it was great, but now I'm having issues with the calling feature. Texts are fine but ever time I try to make a call it rings once and then nothing after that plz fix it, I would hate to have to uninstall the app because I wanna keep the number.	bug report
This is a great way to communicate with coworkers without everyone having your actual phone number.	irrelevant information
Can you increase the capacity of seen by in group from 20 to 25. So that can be easy to find who is seeing our message. Useful for online classes	feature request
It won't let me give out the number to friends ,and it's messing with my winnings cause it ask as bout another phone	bug report
It's a good place to chat with people	irrelevant information
This app helped me out in a jam. I ran out of phone minutes. I only had the net. This app gives someone 60 minutes. Some call/Text apps give only like 10 minutes. Thank you!	irrelevant information
Pretty good, messages seem delayed sometimes and had some issues with the profile but otherwise good.	bug report
If its free why is it telling me my phone off and cant dial..i already know that	bug report
Nice app use ful for gamers	irrelevant information
Unable to connect	bug report
So far no complaints!!	irrelevant information
I don't think it's very 'free'.	irrelevant information
calls dropped often and miss most incoming calls but it better than ymo service no have now	bug report
Shifting here.. Cause I am just done with Meta.. Google also collects data & I have some issues with data collection but not that severe.. But On the other hand meta is just "Evil" with there data collection and usage. I am seeing that scrolling through 10-15 reels, I am getting only political reels which are focused on shifting my view about a political party. That itself is unethical and shady. Changing people perception and manipulating them idk how Low Meta can go after this.	irrelevant information
Program will not let me in	bug report
Too easy to lose number. How about a reliable reminder? It reminded me once! Can't get a replacement number in my area code.	feature request
Honesty discord is good but I am having issues with the discord call cause when I'm in the discord call and when it overlays like a game or app but it lags a lot so idk if it's discord or my phone but please fix it if it's not my phone	bug report
I was receiving very sexually explicit texts. Would not recommend	bug report
It's great but there's an horrible Echo when trying to talk to people! On there side I've been told by family and businesses!	bug report
This app used to work well, now it keeps freezing over and over. I have deleted and reinstalled as well as cleaned out my phone. It seems it is causing my phone to freeze using other apps now as well.	bug report
One star not because the i donot know that discord have a basic or a website for help the dowloaders	bug report
Very poor use of Real-estate. Secondly the fonts etc are not customisable. The whole app is not intuitive at all	feature request
For some reason I have to hit the retry button about 20 times just to send a message. Please update this app smh	bug report
multiple people have access to my account	bug report
Was great until the recent update.. now the contacts that I add won't save to textfree even though I add them through the app.. all it shows is my contacts number. So I have to constantly scroll through the previous texts of the contact to figure out who it is. This is annoying, please fix	bug report
I like this app  but it would be better if they made it like imessege	feature request
Discord is great but when I play a game while I'm on a call discord stops the call which makes me have to go back to discord to join the call again	bug report
I have always really loved the discord app, and the regular updates were generally appreciated, but this latest update has really been a step backwards. My biggest complaints are that it has disrupted the navigation flow that the app had before, and I don't want to see notifications about what other peiple are doing ar the top of my nessage list. Discord, please return things to the way they were before, until then I'll be cancelling my nitro.	feature request
Spam... ive given the number i chose to no one yet im constantly getting spam calls. Annoying.. deciding whether ill keep the app.	bug report
Just got hear	irrelevant information
This app is so so pathetic, I don't know how Elon Musk recommended this app to the public to message. No wonders, he also was sure that this app is going to be of same condition as Twitter is. This Signal app literally sucks. There is so much of lag in sending out the messages, the delivery of the message the video calling and everything sucks. By the time your message gets read or double tick, the person in front switch to other message, you loose the flow. Who so ever is the developer, u suck	bug report
there are ALWAYS issues sending my messages.	bug report
Great way for our group to keep on contact!	irrelevant information
Good for texting gof xii hi	irrelevant information
Good but, runs really slow.	bug report
the app to desktop switch was seamless before the update, now they've tried to fix what wasn't broken, ended up breaking it and the app is borderline unusable	bug report
Good app but when I close out the app and don't get rid of the tile I can't hear audio	bug report
Lag so much lag Not as smooth as before	bug report
It works well when communicating with smartphone and PCs.	irrelevant information
Discord is good. It doesn't crash randomly anymore. Just that sometimes no one can hear me even when I'm unmuted. It's not common, but very annoying.	bug report
I haven't used it that much.	irrelevant information
The previous UI was unique in it's own way, but after the update the app looks like some kind of cheap messaging app, the navigation is too much of a trouble, the bugs where the buttons become hidden due to a landscape wise screen and many more. To be honest it doesn't feel like Discord anymore. I wouldn't be mad if they return the previous UI . That was more clean and easy to navigate/use. Other features are commendable at some point but the UI.... Sadly this is really disappointing...	feature request
It's a great app if you have an Android device or phone	irrelevant information
Great app, unfortunately it won't be supporting sms going forward. There's no way I can get all of my contacts on signal or expect new contacts to have it. Going forward I won't use this app but the normal crummy texting app which is unfortunate.	feature request
i love this app been using it for over a year but i got direct msgs that i wud like to delete that are super old. of ppl i dont talk to no more and hiding msg by msg is too much please have an option also a option to block ppl you dont want to direct message you especially stalkers..smh	feature request
Can't text or call	bug report
Uploading images in channels is quite buggy. Some times they are upload as cdn.discord links. And other times they properly send	bug report
I like it just struggle with uploading videos through Wi-Fi connection	feature request
I gave this app a five-star rating with a different email back in 2021 I gave it a different 5-star rating with a different email about 8 months ago I got rid of it because some parts will be coming annoying like people I don't know sending me things like mistress Odessa wanting me to be her slave but really didn't have any knowledge in the master or mistress slave game. I told her she needs to go back to playing marbles Jack's and hop scotch. Great now i want some Balvieney 18 year single malt.	irrelevant information
It just said connecting when trying to make a call and never connected to the call. Useless app basically!	bug report
Poor wifi(not your fault)	irrelevant information
This app doesn't recieve text messages for 2 step verification. Also calling doesn't work like normal phone service. When I called a gift card company to check a card balance it wouldn't recognize the numbers I was entering. I also get cut off alot during calls because some ads will open and end the call.	bug report
Slow and frustrating	bug report
The app will not send me notifications. The whole point of a messaging app is to get the notifications. Really wished this worked better.	bug report
this app is great but I wish I could use most of the things on there every time I pull up the tab to send a gift it just barely shows the tab same with my account settings I'm tired of deleting just for it to do it again and again it used to be a lot better.	feature request
Worst app I've used ever. This is the 2nd time I paid for a number and installed the app. Once I uninstall and reinstall, it won't let me login saying continue with Google account but never logs me in. Also, no way to cancel a number but getting billed continuously. They should have at least some way to contact support, unless they want me to dispute from the bank.	bug report
It's not getting connected at all. When I'm online it shows offline. We take screenshots and share it on WhatsApp. Ultimately end up calling on WhatsApp!	bug report
Don't be fooled. The police have access to any message sent through Signal including the "deleted" ones. Read the fine print.	irrelevant information
Calls don't go well. Calls either drop or I cannot be herd.	bug report
One star because we're almost to 2024 and Android tablets are not properly supported as "child" devices to our phones. This has been in place for iOS / ipadOS for years. I know that the devs are aware of this need and still have not addressed it yet. If/when that happens, this will be restored back up to its proper place with 5 stars. I'm frustrated by this still being an issue.	feature request
Would rate higher but it says free calls and none of the calls are free until calls are free I'll only rate it 3 stars	bug report
bro discord is so bad, my friend always stop listen to me and i need to restart the app, suddenly ends the call, it consume so much ram... i miss skype, i miss skype so bad...	bug report
Took a little work to set this up eventually got it working. This no longer works. Only pieces of msgs being rec'd. Some people receive nothing. Can't add new members. Nothing the Support Dept suggests fixes it. Wish it would work.	bug report
Great app I like it but haven't been able to open up the individual convos. If fixed will change rating	bug report
TextFree does not email you a temporary password to use with the app. You	bug report
The app overall looks god and I mean it, functions well after you uninstall it and re-install it back, after that it works just as good as before the update	bug report
Great app, but one issue. Can't send any media files to anyone.	bug report
A really have a question. Can you only call using Wi-Fi?	feature request
Can't believe they dropped SMS. Used to be my go-to, but this alone was a first-to-worst move, then compounded by adding disgusto-nasty unwanted distraction "feature" (tho Idk to whom this is a feature) of stories. Hope those who made this decision end up not just bankrupt but destitute. Way to knife your user base! 🤬	bug report
Having issues sending and receiving text since November 23,2022. Get booted put of the contact support page . Before you can report the issue. Can't send or receive pictures and they show up where they need to be.	bug report
SuperB app, 😍 Loved iT	irrelevant information
1. The fact i cannot pay with a skype credit (gift card) is a real problem! 2. not being able to use custom ring tones is a issue! 3. not being able to use third party faxing is a problem! 4. not being able to export my contacts internal to other platforms is a issue! I've used skype for over 12 years and immediately after Microsoft bought the company many features were lost. The push to integrate into Office is leaving many of us that use it as a VOIP user considering other platforms.	feature request
Just too good	irrelevant information
The best more people should donate!! The service signal provides us is a gift. No ads no forced to pay. Only true private service that exist, look at your permissions. They do all this for us. I never realized how much, how grateful we should be. I guess in summary, it's our 1 escape from Google and Big Tech. I'm not rich, but I hope this is motivation for someone to at least give a dollar. I'm in noway affiliated with signal. Just never realized how grateful we should be for a service like this	irrelevant information
Good easy to navigate around	irrelevant information
Why need to get nitro just for a background???	feature request
I love this app as it helps me connect with the people I love. However, lately it's been... sub par? Controlling itself is the worst issue. The chat menu opening and closing itself, the tiniest touch miscalculation opening the emoji keyboard 3 times by itself, making my keyboard crash, words doubling themselves or correcting themselves no matter where they're put in the sentence.... And this is all ONLY on discord. And i am not the only one having these issues. I hope it gets patched. and soon.	bug report
Discord app was great until the new forced UI update. It is now almost unbearable and beyond frustrating. Takes way too long to do the same tasks as before and is now an unorganized mess. This is what happens when these social apps decide to be like everyone else instead of their own unique entity.	feature request
Cant recieve verification codes for free? This app is now officially ruined for me and this was the main reason im using this. Edit: makes sense now	bug report
Gif keyboard isn't working. It keeps saying "something went wrong" every time I try and use a gif.....	bug report
Phone is not charging while using app on my Samsung a9 2018 Android 10	bug report
Really decent but it locS Yu out of a out sometime when calls come through while on another call other than that it's cool oh yeah sending copies of a text seem to be not allowed Waz up with that	bug report
This is a very good app better than WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Super slow. Prevent my Samsung Galaxy from charging.	bug report
Pretty good communication app. It would be a lot better if the developers implemented the option to schedule what time text messages are sent.	feature request
Best secure messaging app out there. Snowden-approved	irrelevant information
This app sucks every since the upgrade it has been hanging my calls up!	bug report
Easy to use, clear sound and pics.	irrelevant information
Love the experience. The ability to have all my friends in one group chat is awesome.	irrelevant information
It's freaking soo good but try the mobile players also change background	feature request
Updates have broken the app for several months now.	bug report
Third class app. Worst speed of execution. Was not expecting this. Too slow even of modern latest smart phone and high speed internet. Daily issue.	bug report
Easy $ works well.. Only issue is sometimes I won't get notifications bout getting a message for hours or even days.	bug report
Ok to text not call really.	irrelevant information
Works great. Very user friendly plus more private and secure than other apps.	irrelevant information
might freeze up if you change who is the group leader.	bug report
I love Skype however the call quality has always been bad! I recommend Discord instead!	feature request
This is very timely - it's a Godsend	irrelevant information
When i click continue and put my phone number with country code, next it ask to verify I'm human and right after that, app automatically changes country code to +1 and it says number is not correct and when i tries for the next time it says too many attend, try after next time... What's wrong with this app...	bug report
Every time I check Skype messages it closes by itself and it happens 3-4 times at the same time. Solve this issue	bug report
I hate that I have to update it every month but other den that it's fine	irrelevant information
Messages are delayed and messages aren't being sent.	bug report
The app does stop working randomly and crash here and there but besides that I love it!!!	bug report
I've been proudly using Signal since it launched but am now experiencing a problem. When I access a voice note it starts playing, but as soon as I put my Samsung device next to my ear it stops playing and when I go back to it and click on it nothing happens - it does not want to play - even through the speaker. I then have to exit the app and go back in to listen to it. My app and phone is updated to the latest versions. This does not happen with WhatsApp voice notes.	bug report
Absolutely the worst messaging app for syncing to secondary devices. Erases my entire message history on laptop with every upgrade. Support has no solution. I wish my colleagues would stop using this	bug report
Doesn't show new notifications and messages. I constantly have to check for new messages.	bug report
Why in tarnation would you remove SMS support? It was one of the strong points of this app, especially in regards to the ability to back up messages when migrating to a new phone. The emptiness in the reasoning is baffling, too. I second the notion that social media shoud remain social media. Don't care for "stories" in a messenger app. Someone is making poor decisions over there.	feature request
This is what we use at East Bay Prayer Furnace and it really is glitch free . Easy app to use.	irrelevant information
It's nice just WAY to many ads	irrelevant information
The new update sucks, dont try to fix what isnt broken	feature request
THIS APP WONT EVEN LET ME USE IT IVE BEEN TRYING TO GET IN CONTACT WITH SOMEONE BUT THAT DDNT WORK 😐	bug report
Having to use it on an Android device really sucks. I've done everything for years on years on iPad. I'm basically not using Signal at all because of that	feature request
Better than most apps, dependable	irrelevant information
Best messaging app ever for so many reasons. Why "stories"??? Wanna be Instagram and Facebook? We are here because we don't want that, also this is a messenging app not a social network. Would be great if could somehow transfer messages when changing mobile devices	feature request
So far my experience with this app has shown me that there a different people to connect with on a gamer/ weber	irrelevant information
Can be much better but all dev care about is money	irrelevant information
Would have gave it 5 stars if it wasn't for Clyde going offline	irrelevant information
It syncs all my contacts and I didn't want that ughh!:( very angry	feature request
The texting is great but the calling isn't gotta pay money or earn minutes	feature request
Nice because I don't have unlimited texting with TracFone. I Wish you could sync your number with the app though, otherwise you have a separate number for Textfree.	feature request
App frickin sucks. Every time I try to paste text into a text message it just buggs out and takes me back to the main page ??? This no good.	bug report
Great for chatting with several people. Only wished it allows you to upload an image that isn't in jpeg function. I am having problems with sending messages. Since I logged in online and used the app, my messages from the app on my phone aren't sending. I am uninstalling app and will see if it helps.	feature request
the new layout sucks so bad, please give us the member list back at least	feature request
I really like this App it lets me stay in touch with my wife. And she's in the army in Syria. Thank you and God bless you.	irrelevant information
Everything keeps freezing up, I can't send messages because it immediately freezes. Tends to stop responding and when I try to reply to a message, it opens up a different conversation. I have to constantly close the app and force stop it. Repeatedly in one day.	bug report
I just want the app to quit asking me to rate it.	irrelevant information
It's a great experience	irrelevant information
My account was disabled before I could even use it. I tried another email address, made 2 texts and 2 phone calls and then it was disabled the next morning. Then I tried another email address and it was disabled right after I signed up.	bug report
Best app, best people here	irrelevant information
My pictures have started to fail sending and I've tried everything.	bug report
Not user friendly. hard to use	irrelevant information
It's nice and private that's what I like	irrelevant information
Discord has reached a new low. The new UI is brutal for anybody who uses threads. It shouldn't be this hard to toggle between threads in the same channel. Worse, voice calls don't work at all. Nobody can hear me. The microphone only works for voice messages in text channels.	feature request
Edit#4 still no real response from discord devs. I am sent in a circle and told I am providing feedback to the wrong place. Not sure why discord is failing this hard but I will uninstall the app soon if I cannot use the old original layout. Edit#5 the help article being commented on all these reviews does not help. Edit#6 they continue to direct me at a help article which is not helpful. The automated response makes the experience even worse. We are being ignored.	bug report
No ability to add password or a pin to lock the app.	feature request
Shuts down Everytime I try to use it. I have to copy my text from somewhere else and paste it to send a text. Then it shuts down after I hit send. If I try to type it takes the first few words before it shuts down and I have to force close.	bug report
Liked this app cause it's better in comparison to the other communication and video call apps !....	irrelevant information
Just awesome Go for it	irrelevant information
text now still drops calls and makes it pretty choppy to hear sometimes but all in all it's better than most of the text now type feels it's going on	bug report
It is very good and very secure.	irrelevant information
When someone calls me I only find out about it if I go to the app and check for messages, which could be hours after the attempted call. It will rarely give a notification of an incoming call. EDIT: I wrote that review some time ago and the service has improved immensely since then. It's a great app, very reliable. Thanks!	feature request
Was working very well until the update. Now when I send a text or recieve one, I have to wait a long time for it to load, neer had this issue before the update. Other than that issue, I love this app.	bug report
New Update Is totally annoying I mea what is it we can't swipe to see members and it's too much annoying and in old discord mobile the roles display make a respect now the ui made it bruh	feature request
Finding something else. Junk app archived all my messages after this update.	bug report
I merged my messages applications and now it's not going back to the regular way the TextNow app is using my phone services number to send messages and call and not the TextNow number it's supposed to	bug report
I love this app I can have a second line without any issues . and if not used you notified termination if not used to make a call	feature request
Great all around.. connection, texting & on top of that.. for FreE!	irrelevant information
I love this app, it's more good and easy to use than WhatsApp and telegram. The all two app are always banned number without do anything goes again their privacy. I love this app it's number one private chat app in my album.	irrelevant information
In contrast to other apps (social apps), (using speed) is very harsh! But video call quality is OK!	feature request
The worse app can't get incoming calls and says this num is no longer in service lol	bug report
I have many friends because of it	irrelevant information
I see everyone has a new discord look but I updated my app and it still looks like the old version. Is there a way to fix that?	feature request
Not that good really	irrelevant information
I wish that it would like or more like Band	feature request
I was unable to register it's giving me error occur as respond	bug report
SMS doesn't work anymore. Used to donate, no point if I'm not using it, even if I started with red phone. Sad day	bug report
My experience is, there's many scammers on here, asking for money, and fake accounts	irrelevant information
I've enjoyed seeing the beautiful people here	irrelevant information
Yet another app	irrelevant information
After this latest update, the pictures aren't downloading....	bug report
One of my favorite messaging apps. Love the focus on privacy and being open source, but was disappointed when they removed the ability to communicate with non Signal users. I understand the change was to push for the end-to-end encrypted messages, but I feel like they could have left us with the option to send unencrypted texts. Unfortunately most of the people in my social circle don't use Signal, so I had to uninstall.	feature request
Great 10 f	irrelevant information
Its a great app. Easy to maintain.	irrelevant information
plz fix your guys calling the internet will drop as soon as you answer or cut you out whenever	bug report
Doesn't load messages most of the time. You can refresh to no avail. I got to see a timely message a day too late.	bug report
Texting works but cant send or recieve pics	bug report
Update sucks Change it back. If they don't change it, or give the option too, I'm not buying nitro, I ain't paying for a service I don't like.	feature request
I'm giving this a 3 star because it is a good app I enjoy it, what I don't like it how buggy the voice chat is for console Xbox mainly on my experience. I have been trying to connect with them for half an hour and reseted my wifi, as soon I was done and tried again I decided to check my wifi and everything was all right and reseted my console and tried again. Nothing still. Please fix this bug.	bug report
Less functions than Whatsapp but it is worth it for the privacy	feature request
Skype free trial not available in Pakistan why????	feature request
hes not trusted	irrelevant information
I've never been able to send mms on here...phone settings allow it..but they say failed all the time...what's that about ?	bug report
I don't need the help now because it worked and I can finally talk and heary friends	irrelevant information
Can be buggy but overall good	irrelevant information
the intetface is very unclear ,	bug report
Confusing thecopyscrolls upsidown??? The script is way to small	bug report
video crashes when you try to share it, but the rest of the app works fine	bug report
This is another phone service that they need you pay by the week or month but they only work under WIFI, I can't wait til my phone come so I can have a real number. These phone services are crazy to secure a number by paying that only work under WIFI. You can get messages or incoming phone after a week trial unless you pay for their service.	feature request
Please support the appearance that the other party is recording Voice	feature request
We need a Code But nah Im erasing it	irrelevant information
Its a stupid app and wont work at all	bug report
This app is ok but u do need wifi and other ppl cant call u. U have to call them otherr wise 👍 great	feature request
I love discord i even paid nitro but now I can't talk with my friends i reinstalled the app many times and I don't see any solution to get connect to voice channels with my friends 😔 it needs to be fix ASAP	bug report
App is really slow. App often freezes while fetching new messages. Chat automatically doesn't sync in way it should. Often times when you open a chat then it start to fetch previous conversation you did on Skype app on desktop. It is really slow. Please learn something from WhatsApp. Their UI feels so fluent and on top on that app works wonderfully.	bug report
Unable to access discord.exe, mobile discord or even the website, so i cant even open a ticket.	bug report
It was good at first, but then it started disabling my account.. So i lost ALL my contacts.	bug report
Good information	irrelevant information
I use this app a lot but it doesn't send notify me about all messages. I recently upgraded my phone and updated the app from an old version, and this never used to be a problem. It's unconnected to connectivity	bug report
Thumbs up 👍	irrelevant information
It's a very fun experience when u don't have service and there's many things that u can do with friends and family.	irrelevant information
The recent app changes really suck and make the user experience way worse now. So much more cluttered and irritating.	feature request
Works good as long as you have wifi. So far other than ads being annoying I didn't haqveq. Qoriqbleq. Until I haqdq to get a new phone and couldn't remember my password and reset it. Well it not only reset my password but the phone number I've been using and I'm waiting on important calls from my daughter's dr about her autism screening she needs done	bug report
If the ads keep taking up half the page I'm uninstalling it.	irrelevant information
It's not free, as i thought it was	irrelevant information
Sending out an "ad" at 5am is Ri-dic-u-lous...	irrelevant information
• must add the floating chat head/bubble feature. • need to add contacts live indicating signal.	feature request
I agree with others. Discords new UI is absolutely terrible and the fact that they are disregarding their user feedback is disrespectful and scummy.	feature request
I can call and text without money.And texfree system great.	feature request
There is a bug, is it related to how android as a operating system operates or how signal operates I do not know. The issue is that every time I change my notification setting to "bubbles - nothing can bubble" it always automatically changes back which is becoming pretty annoying.	bug report
Some bug are fix, but. The video are still showed with blank thumbnail. Which I have gotten use to it, beside. This new update really got me confused and find this app harder to use.. I wanted the old discord back where you can just slide to the left to see the member list. Finding the dm much easier and even when u drop a video. It use the auto generated thumbnail instead of that poop pic	feature request
I cant send pics. Please fix	bug report
There are always people left out in my phone on groupie for the group chats that others can see and I can't. Also I don't get messages at times and only know if I am friends with other people in that same groupchat.	feature request
It's only good when I have a gf...	irrelevant information
I'm sorry in general it's fine and all,, like you can chat normally and all that stuff, but it has been getting horrible recently to the point where I just literally can't stand it and only enter the app to post some art and immediately leave. I really hope the next updates are better tho.	feature request
Droid 3, not able to make calls, please do this and its 5 stars.. love it so far..	bug report
He really make me feel better at anytime	irrelevant information
Cant call people or recive calls please fix	bug report
this new UI update is absolutely abysmal and makes some features incredibly difficult to use.	feature request
This app is good but why has all the dates in my messages changed after the update?? The dates my text messages went out are incorrect	bug report
All the useful features are now gone. They ruined the desktop client also. RIP Skype.	bug report
I hate this app because you can get certain amount of minutes and I will not be using it again...😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤... yall need to be a one star...	bug report
Zero graphics supported and cannot view Total rubbish	bug report
Good way to communicate :)	irrelevant information
Umm wtfckk? ?!? Why cant andrids get calls and iphones can you guys need to fix that right alway whoever made this need to make calls and plus I can get picture messages that's dumb and ever since I updated it it won't let me receive text or send them get this fix soon…	bug report
good for the first 40 mins then audio goes crackly and laggy when on facetime.	bug report
The application is a total fraud, do not pay anything to this app, anything violates terms and conditions. I want my money back.	irrelevant information
After the new update i can't use voice chat anymore, did all the steps it told me to fix the problem and i still can't connect to any voice chat	bug report
This is probably the most inconsistent app that I've ever used on a mobile device since I bought the first device that has apps on it. STOP RADICALLY CHANGING LAYOUTS AND FEATURES. Inconvenient and unnecessary things are put in the forefront, more important things are removed from sight. The user list gesture is replaced with a reply gesture, even though reply is still where it always was, on a long press. Stop trying to make platforms act the same. This isn't an apple device.	feature request
No texts to mexico... booo	irrelevant information
Won't let me log in, says "something went wrong please try again later" PLEASE HELP.... I love this app other wise..I. just hope that this issue gets resolved very fast and soon.	bug report
hell yes	irrelevant information
Is acting up big time drops calls can't hear echoes	bug report
Second worse UI update than Whatsapp😭 Why fix a perfect feature?? you devs should've fixed bugs and connection issues😭😭 like how is a 300MBPS wifi not strong enough?? Restarting and uninstalling still has the issue.	bug report
I have been using this app for years without any complaints. TextNow is the most reliable for me and super easy to use.There are a lot of annoying adds, but that's no big deal considering it's a free app. I haven't even tried the premium service yet. I'm so impressed with the free version!	irrelevant information
Love that it can be pushed to my texting app.	irrelevant information
Can't get none of my messages for work	bug report
pretty good app for anything you need in terms of communication and language.	irrelevant information
Bad app didn't worked don't wast your time with it	bug report
Auto rotate is so annoying	bug report
I keep getting kicked out of this app. Not sure why.	bug report
It's ok but I wish I could use without internet	feature request
It's a good app but the calls always drop especially if you receive a call on your regular line. App takes up half the screen, which is very annoying.	bug report
Good app. But their bubble thing could be improved upon	feature request
I wish this app had better service in south eastern ky. I used this app when i lived in city and was great, now since im in the mountains its service is not nearly as good. Any ideas on how to change this so i dont have to change apps?	feature request
Full of scammers and hackers but Microsoft won't fix it they will block you from using any Microsoft app Bing Microsoft emails anything Microsoft you won't be able to use worst scamming app around worst app for getting all your other accounts and devices hacked into Microsoft will not fix the problem	irrelevant information
Nice but very slowly	bug report
Lags a little to much and take someone forever to receive a text message once you send a text out and they receive it	bug report
Don't call out much of states	irrelevant information
Usually it works great, but most of the time, new messages will not push to my phone automatically, I usually have to manually refresh to get them. Changing settings didn't work at all.	bug report
This is a great app, chat and privacy, end to end encrypted all together in one app, Great job.💯😃	irrelevant information
New UI is abysmal. They downgraded it. Improve off of the previous build, try not to time travel to 2011 in the process.	feature request
Video calling is not well	bug report
It dsnt allow me to send pic messages nor does it let me click on links that are sent to me. And when I try sending a picture message half of the pic gets cut off. Time to uninstall Heywire is better.	bug report
I love using the app as a second number for people that I don't care to have my main number	irrelevant information
you need to log in on a browser to stop :) automaticly becoming an emoji, why, idk, its completely pointless just add the option to the settings menu	feature request
Had a subscription for over a year. Now my number changes everytime I open the app. I'll change my rating if this is resolved. Update: My number was returned AFTER I unsubscribed. So backwards but I'll add 2 more stars to my rating. Update: after they restored my number for a week, they changed it again before it could expire. This is too much trouble.	bug report
It is nice to connect with coworkers at this time	irrelevant information
This application is having bug. Its confusing contacts with same first name and last name but different middle name, and displaying all those contacts under one contact address. You guys need to fix this issue. How can developers at Microsoft make such mistakes? You need to include middle name text field in the contact form of this application. These are the basic thing we learn when we start learning programming. I am shocked that nobody reported this bug before.	bug report
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE EXPERIENCING TROUBLE WHEN USING THEIR DATA??4G/5G??I use it for work but my internet provider isn't always stable so I have to use 4g/5g data too. But suddenly, it wasn't workingsince last week. It is a disaster. Please do something about it... Data is not connecting or recognized. They cannot hear me or see me on the other side. 😭😭😭	bug report
Seems legit but it won't let me put in an area code :(	feature request
Not happy with the recent update. The main thing driving me nuts is how much slower it is to load. It's also sluggish when moving to-and-from messages and servers. I also preferred the old layout but I think with a few changes this one can be good. I'm giving it 3 stars vs 1 (like the rest of ya! Hahaha) because I'm not that upset about it. I will still use the free version and update my rating if it improves.	bug report
I hate this app!!!! It declines all your calls and when it does let you call it hangs up on the person and dosnt let you call again.	bug report
Whats going to be funny is when you take a new number but have to check signal to see if their number is compatible. I'm just going to deactivate it on my families phones and recommend they tell their friends to deactivate it too or they may not get their messages. Dont just delete this app, deactivate it first or it will hold your messages since they wont be delivered to a phone number address.	irrelevant information
I dont like the ads that keep popin up when you trying texts	bug report
I mean, it's Discord, there's not much to say, it's not bad not necessarily good but, definitely not bad, I've been using Discord for a few years 🤷	irrelevant information
Trash UI overhaul. Imagine having two different design mentalities across mobile and desktop. Probably someone trying to justify their useless job	feature request
but could not find the window in which to answer the calls.	bug report
I was awesome but started dropping calls and others could not hear me sometimes during calls.	bug report
Uninstalled. I have no need for yet another proprietary web-based messaging app. I was only using this because it did that, and SMS. But they are dropping SMS functionality, so I'm dropping this app.	irrelevant information
It's always freezes and the key board disappears and I never get my calls!!! I hate it but I have to use it cause I don't know any app that I cn call text for free and their is way to many ads!!!!!!! And it normally says Unfortunately Text Free has stoped. And every time I call someone and they don't pick up and I am on it for 2 seconds on my calling minutes they take off 2 minutes. Fix it please!!!!!!!!!	bug report
Paid for my subscription but not showing up on my screen	bug report
Used it, loved it, then they decided to remove SMS support. I don't want another walled garden. The decision smacks of a REALLY BAD misunderstanding of your user base.	feature request
Well, the new update, isn't it just awful. Every executive who rubber stamped this is to be embarrassed for. Best regards to the developers who had to work on this; as if forced to handle dung for a living.	irrelevant information
The app is efficient and effective! I've only been using it for around 2 weeks, so I'm still learning its features. I have no issues so far.	irrelevant information
Good App👍!. Only one problem! I Can't Hide My Phone Number... Telegram Has that Feature...	feature request
Great to keep communication going between employees	irrelevant information
Very good tbh 🤩	irrelevant information
SO FAR SO COOL FOR ME 😎	irrelevant information
IRS AO BROKEN I CANT EVEN USE IT RN IMAGES ARENT SHOWINV ANYMKRW.	bug report
Allah plane is bigger than you an I don't have afraid of anyone instead Allah	irrelevant information
The texting part is alright though I don't always get my texts but the calling part sucks. Can't never hear them or they can't hear me. I'm giving three stars though because it is effective for the most part. It's always been my go to text app.	bug report
Hey discord, stop being something we don't want you to be, We don't want this UI. You are better then the social media apps, stop it. Stop limiting your app to look cool.	feature request
It's very private I like it!!	irrelevant information
Okay, overall, this app is so good, but everything is nitro? I know you wanna make money, but like not everything has to be nitro. It is ridiculous seriously.	feature request
Even at high network speed the messages will be delivered very slow. Fed up with this! As it's been long time and the team has not resolved this issue.	bug report
Currently having issues where I have a great Internet connection but skype will not send my messages. They'll say "pending" when my profile says I'm online, same with calling. It will say "ringing" but it wont work. My app is up to date as well. It's really freaking annoying!	bug report
God awful update to the ui why did they move everything around and make servers have a different tab? Why did they change the search function. This has gone from a streamlined and easy to use app to one of the worst and clunkiest experiences with a layout I've had. Don't update your app if you still have the good version.	feature request
Long time user switching because Signal stopped supporting SMS. Who wants two messaging apps? Bummer	bug report
What is this new update? I absolutely hate it. I hate not being able to swipe left to see my servers and have the DMs immediately be right there. I hate the banner above the DMs screen taking up so much space. I hate not being able to swipe right to view who's online in a server. I hate that I can't turn off the voice message button because I keep accidentally hitting it and it messes with my audio on my device. Whenever I open the app from a push notification it crops everything weird.	feature request
It's the best messaging app so far...	irrelevant information
It lags too much SOMETIMES	bug report
Easy to set up easy to use. Keeps my group connected!	irrelevant information
I don't use it too often but when I do it works nice.	irrelevant information
Messages wont load consistently	bug report
Its okay, But for some reason multiple times when i tried to send my messages it wouldnt work and i made sure i had a good internet signal but it wouldnt seem to work..please fix this problem and i would give you a 5 star rate.	bug report
Crashes a ton for no reason, especially when going through media sent or the contact list.	bug report
This new Update is horrible beyond insanity, the loading took an ages and sometime its lead to malfunction	bug report
Good, but not the best. Video quality is very bad, but sound is great! Don't want to be rude, just keep it up and make it better! Sry again.	irrelevant information
They do what they say no complaints	irrelevant information
Pretty good, except for one glitch.r	bug report
I've used this app in the past, and loved it. But now it won't allow me to log in, an write message pops up when I try, no matter how many times I uninstall and reinstall it. The website isn't helping either.	bug report
For the love of god why would you make it so that one email ID can't be connected to a second ID. I forgot my old account details and now I'm struggling to make a new one because the old one is synced with my old account that I forgot about. Seriously it's frustrating	bug report
The new update requires me to refresh in order to recieve texts. Please fix this.	bug report
Who thought it was a good idea to change the UI needs to be shot. Don't change something that was perfect.	feature request
Poor can't seem to send messages or photos!!	bug report
Im getting no pic mssgs! I dont get it. That what you guys offer right!!?? smh	bug report
It keeps saying my phone number is unknown ever since I saw this app I download it and now I'm talking to all my friends now.	bug report
loved it but with sms no longer supported its useless to me. not all of my contacts even own a smart phone - thats why we still communicate with sms	feature request
Imagine WhatsApp, just without all the stability, user friendliness, advanced features and fun to use. That's GroupMe	feature request
Always loading. Very glitchy.	bug report
Not very user friendly. Can't change phone number on android. Ridiculous  several people have tried to add my number to group and group me does not recognize.	bug report
Trash app It keeps telling me I need to choose a new number and I already have	bug report
Fix the app. Other than the new update making the app much more clunky and difficult to navigate, I'm having issues with glitches and lag. The search feature doesn't even work properly anymore. The app crashes much more now. Before I never had any issues with the app running slow or lagging, but now I am. With this, among other various things, I don't see why anyone thought this new update was a good idea. I'm not joining a hate train for the update. I genuinely am having issues with it.	bug report
at first I thought this TextNow was a solid company but in trying to get a small refund from them I've changed my mind. they claim that they can't issue refunds if you want a refund from an in-app purchase you have to do it through Google. and if Google doesn't want to issue the refund there's nothing you can do even though TextNow is the one collecting the money for the purchase they're not willing to contact Google to tell them to issue the refund. I heard back from TextNow 4 months later.!	feature request
Hi i used to be a frequent user and nitro supporter since 2017 but since the reccently implementation of the ui updates i have 0 motivation to fully utilize the app due to the unfriendly look is extremely grating on the eyes. as a visually impaired person i am considering canceling future nitro subscriptions and probably not buying anything from the shop for now due to the unwilling support refusing to let the disabled have much say in this. Please rethink this.	feature request
Doing it's job	irrelevant information
I don't see what the point of this is except to have another messaging app on my phone to what "hide stuff from other people"? Well what is this really doing cuz I don't see how this makes it secure unless people just think it works to keep there messages private cuz it doesnt	bug report
It's a great concept and a very useful messaging platform, but some major bugs make it hard to use. Notifications are hit or miss and are never sent for dm's. New groups and dm's sent to me don't show up in the chat view until days later. / Edit: The app NO LONGER WORKS AT ALL. Chats I am added to do not show up in my messages list even WEEKS later. I tried clearing data and updating - it just says "Welcome" with NO MESSAGES. FOR A WEEK. After years of use, it's time to say goodbye to GroupMe.	bug report
Nice but i prefers the old version cs the latest updates sucks. It tooks so long to load too although my WiFi is good enough and its not really smooth and confusing sometimes. Ive been using this app from dec 2021 like that and its great back then.	bug report
The app works less and less everytime I open it. Today I couldn't even dial the first digit, its not responding. The app is updated and my phone is a S23+ so definitely not my fault.	bug report
It's a good calling and texting app and I have been using it for years but the fact that they take away our ability to do verification codes is beyond stupid	feature request
the tech support is grrat the trxt is great now i need to fill out a evaluation report for the engineers when i make calls i hear my voice on my phone the call on the receiving end does mot hear me so please send the escalation report to my email please thank you the tech support os great and now my concerns have been escalated to the engineering	bug report
Tried this again after years of it working. It wouldn't work and kept telling me after a certain time length like a week of using I couldn't use so I used my other Gmail and yahoo to make new numbers, same issue. I'm disabled, at home with wifi and bedridden and i need this app if something happens like power has went down too. Npw it's denying me of now using this app saying it is against the policy and blocked me. Why?! Makes no sense! I only made multiple numbers due to these issues! Fix pls	bug report
Phone service is terrible	bug report
Great service I've been using for years and no problems 10/10	irrelevant information
1 of the best ones	irrelevant information
Easy to use, gose well with most games you play on phones.	irrelevant information
Well not let me make an account	bug report
Voice calls suck as they alwaysbreak up but the txt is awesome	bug report
I have been using Discord to keep in touch with friends and family for 6 years and this newest update has me seriously considering just texting them instead. While I appreciate servers and DMs being more separate now, the new dark mode is much higher contrast and I have begun to experience headaches while using it. Any theme that's easier on my eyes costs money, something disabled people are not particularly known to have.	feature request
Removing SMS Is just pushing people away from signal, removing the easiest entry point argument and is a very bad move.	feature request
still having crash issues. sometimes can't even log in. seriously? what part of constant crashes on trying to start the app do you guys not get?	bug report
Have to update the rating for the app, as the service itself works and I like it, but when It comes to the mobile app this is simply unusable. I'm not complaining about the UI change which is something that someone may like it or not, but the slowness that the app has reached is truly unbelievable. It takes years to answer to a message from mobile, it simply stutters and sometimes I need to tap multiple times to open a chat.	bug report
I love Signal, but as only a handful of friends and relatives use it, and as the app has stopped accepting texts to/from non-Signal users (extremely counter intuitive and counter productive moves on Signal Foundation's [previously Open Whispers'] part), I may have to use this previously-superior app less and less.	feature request
My extrodinary lifeline to my grandchildren.	irrelevant information
Constantly having issues uploading pictures! We use this app as a family to simply load pictures and share them, but every release the same issue comes and goes. I'm ready to start looking for another option. Maybe slack...	bug report
I hate it so much	irrelevant information
Was pretty happy with this app for years but now it no longer forwards to my email so I don't know that a text was received. I tried resetting on multiple devices with no luck. Very frustrating. Also upset not to be able to get verification texts without paying.	bug report
No one can hear me. microphone was enabled and still no one can hear me.	bug report
Latest update is very buggy. Has a lot of issues regarding zooming in too far on popup windows (when adding emojis or uploading pics) also issues regarding window sizes. Issues with switching server tabs and empty windows, which other users have stated. None of these issues on desktop. Very disappointing to have to keep force stopping the app to repair these issues, especially since I'm a paying user.	bug report
Skype is always super	irrelevant information
My phone number changed and I need to redownload but I can't because it is only allowing me to verify with my old #. no other way to verify please help	bug report
When a call is rejected a very loud noise triggers, it's much louder than the rigging call and quite dangerous for your ears, please, fix it or you might get sued!	bug report
Decent app that is rather fast and gets the job done. My only real issue (hence the mark down) is that last time I checked, there didn't seem to be an easy way to mute all threads in a channel bar one.	feature request
I have a problem sending videos they never get it also when I get an audio I have to reset my phone to heard it.	bug report
The old one was better it dosent show contacts and freezes	bug report
I'm really disappointed that signal decided to end sms/MMS support. It was the main feature that differentiated it from other messaging apps. Now it's just like an the others. RIP signal. It's been fun.	feature request
Good app, kinda sad that now that I have a Samsung instead of apple it won't send videos and gifs as well, don't really get that but other than that, good app	feature request
Please fix the issue and embarrassment that is caused when a user hangs up on a call and you do not know and you are continuously still talking and don't realize do you pull the phone away because you heard nothing but silent for 10 minutes please	bug report
Hi, when I receive a message it comes up above the messages i sent even	bug report
Discord, pls. Bring the old layout back, ngl. The new layout feels really weird and uncomfortable :/	feature request
never ttryed the app	irrelevant information
Not sure what the thinking was to seperate the servers from DMs in the app. Terrible and clunky design. Going from servers to DMs used to be smooth, now it's a pain. Please change it back.	feature request
I like it but I don't like the ads.	irrelevant information
Works Good	irrelevant information
This is a great app to stay in touch with my employer.	irrelevant information
Best and only app I've ever used for absolutely, totally free talk n text app service. Thier service coverage is also very good n did I mention !☆FREE lol 🤑👍🤗	irrelevant information
I love it!! Just can't find out how to delete servers that I own and the boys are a bit difficult to get unless you are in a server that has the certain bots otherwise five stars	feature request
Simply not working. Constantly have to re-enter my info and get kicked out every few seconds	bug report
learn ing	feature request
The app is a a joke. They want you to pay $10 to be able to receive verification codes. Do not fall for the trap, there are other, far better and actually free options.	feature request
It don’t run smoothly on Xiaomi Redmi 4. Message sending is very slow.	bug report
Added blocked spam numbers from my phone to my contacts and there is no way to delete contacts. Users have been asking how to delete unwanted contracts since 2013, and it is still not possible.	feature request
This app have alot spam i dnt refer this app for no body and they check everything in ur phone entry to bank take information still user name and password i have problem w my bank now im waiting for my bank call me im gonna see wat they do and check my said the check personal information the still	bug report
This app is good at beginning but bad at the end😭😭😠😡😠😡	bug report
Unexpected pop-up commercials when I am doing something important. Stuff that I am not even interested in.	bug report
I loved using discord on my phone but then they decided to do a new layout. It is buggy and not intuitive. In the message friends area they put things you can't hide instead of messages at the top. Overall they have made it harder to use, can't opt out like they promised, and way more buggy. This is super frustrating to use.	feature request
Skype running very busy so I am going to uninstall very busy app, mobile getting warmer, take tomuch time to load friend list, or chat history, showing updating long and long , reply me fast	bug report
What have you done to switching between face and back video! It does not switch!	bug report
This app is incredibly laggy and buggy. When I get a notification, all of my apps stop working and the notification comes in. Also, I have to close and reopen the app AT LEAST 3 TIMES just to get it to actually work. The only reason this gets a 2 star is because the computer version is fine.	bug report
last update is not stable, android 8.0 and huawei mate 10 pro	bug report
Good app in my personal experience except the fact that they changed my number even when I had been active...unlike what they instruct us to do which is to remain active...if not active more than 30 days then they take the number out. But in my case I was active, with purchased minutes nonetheless, only to get on the app and have to choose a new number from scratch with zero minutes.	bug report
Some problem with audio on occasion but committed to wanting to understand issues if any. Even where automated.. service communication is prompt. I would Recommend giving them a try.	irrelevant information
After 10 years of using I finally had a uninstall do do a stop of SMS messages I guess I have to look for a new text program now very unhappy	bug report
I cant send videos on here im a dancer and im trying to send the routinues and its not even givin me an option whether to choose a video and the videos aint but 15-20 seconds long other girls in the group has sent videos before so im tryna figure out why when i wanna send a video its not lettin me bull crap	bug report
It's not a great experience tablets. The text field often expands of the screen when in portrait mode, making the send, emoji, and voice note button inaccessible. The most recent update also seems to have removed the 'AMOLED' dark mode option from the appearance settings. If you use the "memory lane" appearance on other devices and have 'sync across clients' enabled, attempting to change will cause the app to crash. How has one update managed to make the user experience worse?	bug report
On the current version I can no longer sign in. The password I use on the web app fails on Android. Groupme support simply gave me a password reset link. That didn't help because I have a valid password. The Android app simply will not let me sign in. I tried using my Google Account, which I've linked to Groupme and used for login in the past, and that failed with a message that said "Could not sign in with Facebook." I wasn't using Facebook. I used the Google button. Reinstall of the app did not resolve.	bug report
It's not allowing me to login even if my email and password is correct😑 Thankyou for the help. I was able to login again😊	bug report
They're removing SMS support. Great app turned useless. Whoever makes these decisions should be fired or step down.	feature request
There's really only one or two things that could use improvement. The crackling and cutting out in the call, and the fact I went through the set up for the SIM card and it's still attached to my old number.	bug report
Do you mind preventing hackers And making discord safe?	feature request
It feels like being pushed into the nightly build update channel.	irrelevant information
Love this app. It's been very helpful! I lost my phone when I was out of the country and was able to utilize this temporarily to get in touch with my bank and other landline based establishments.	irrelevant information
I've used Signal for a few years now, but the last few months have been awful. Not sure what is going on, but messages sometimes takes over a minute to send, regardless if using the mobile or desktop app. The inconsistentcy is infuriating. I hoped that things would improve after SMS support was removed but somehow they made it worse.	bug report
I made the account and i get disabled	bug report
Have to buy minutes, horrible reception.	bug report
No contact list or way to add friends	feature request
i don't know how much money i need to pay for call to the Philippines how much for $23.	irrelevant information
Every update feels like we're being punished for our continued loyalty. My girlfriend and I now actively question why we still use Discord anymore :/ That's a shame, it used to be a fully functioning app and now it's a glitchy disaster. Edit: lol I got a response back for this review. There's not a list long enough to list all the glitches, man and you're only gonna tell me to restart my phone and internet. Just fix the app instead of gaslighting us into thinking we're the ones glitching it.	bug report
The app is amazing, well was until this update, its making discord glitch alot and the layout is way too confusing. Please can you undo this new update since its having a negative effect on discord and making it glitch alot.	feature request
I still have this app. Its grate for calling but sometimes when ur calling the mic pick up is crappy, sharing screen (with sound) is pretty crappy because the sound goes out randomly when I am sharing my screen. When I am calling I can't go to other apps and use it for me needs without the calls ending. It's made me mad for so long and it used to not end my calls when I open up another app.	bug report
Revert the newest update.	feature request
Very poor call quality even with a "HD connection"	bug report
Pretty cool to txt on but mms sucks though can't send or receive that.	feature request
I was really hoping i could find an app were i could text any were😢	irrelevant information
Compromised security.	bug report
Sure, it was okay before, but with the new update, it just got worse. I personally dislike the new update, just as some people might dislike it too, and with the new layout, it won't even give some people the option to switch it back to the original layout if they don't like the new one.	feature request
I love Discord, don't get me wrong, but seriously the new update ruins most of the features I loved about it and made it a standard copy and paste social media website. I get that it's not all bad but like at least let us use the old UI, they said we could but then reneged on it. Discord is a good app just let us use the damn old UI. It wasn't an issue why did you change it to be less useable.	feature request
Reply to recent dev reply here: I just did a 3rd submission + extra SCR. Experience excellent, up UNTIL recent when attempting to rectify issue with my login. Contacted support & got usual FAQ email reply+something about they would contact me shortly. +2 wks now, 0 response yet.Sent 2nd req for support +2 SCR of what's showing when I try login, still 0 response, at all.Followed inst. to a tee. Result: basically lock me out of my own account and server. RSVP !!!	bug report
Msg not delivere even three days Resently poor performance..	bug report
recommended trouble shooting	irrelevant information
Good platform for getting together. I use it for community hangouts!	irrelevant information
Will not use again	irrelevant information
I hate disoxrd	irrelevant information
I just installed this app and to make my first call I bought 100 minutes for $1.99. My $1.99 was debited automatically,...no problem, still my account has zero minutes, customer service is none existed. If you can't provide the service why take people's money? Either give us the services that we paid for or give us our refund.	bug report
This ish is not letting me log back on. Tried everything.	bug report
New update it takes a minute to work after opening	bug report
I like the landlines and mobile calling feature. Really the application works well, and basically the UI is simple.	irrelevant information
Been using for 2 days now IT'S a FANTASTIC RESCUE HELP! my 📱 is BROKEN! The ONLY PROBLEMS using my ALCATEL JOY TABLET is NOT RINGING, Vol^, RING ON, SET in my HAND, still NO RING! Please advise? How to use FREE WITHOUT WIFI also? WONDERFUL APP, Sincerest Gratitude for HELPING us HAVE it for FREE! God Bless keep up the great job REVIEW after issue fixed Thank You	bug report
Awesomeness.... Piece of software...	irrelevant information
Used to be good, but rude now. This app now forces you to invite your friends to "use" it. Soon it will be the only way you can use the app as their changing their services to members only.. Before you can text anyone from any service weather they had this app or not. Kinda silly of them and rather retarded, it will be the death of their app. RIP.	feature request
Good way to have group conversations in real time, share pictures and gifs. We use it for out FF group so a fun way to smack talk.	irrelevant information
I use Skype for my online lessons with my students from different countries. I like the different features like audio recording, video recording, multiple chat and conference calls, etc. Although I encounter some connectivity problems once in a while, all in all Skype is very useful.	irrelevant information
Every time i try to download it gives me a hard time	bug report
When you sent automatically send me a message from Groupme Support I reply and your message (Groupme TickerSymbol/icon doesn't go away. It's still there. I prefer not to see it along with my other messages. I see your symbol, that's enough for me. I was expecting it to go away. Please remove	feature request
Sometimes the messages took a long time, like a few ten minutes, to reach the recipients	bug report
The past couple of days all of my groups would disappear and I can't communicate with anyone. It happens on the desktop version too	bug report
Been good security could use some improvements	irrelevant information
This is the upmost worse app DO NOT DOWNLOAD	bug report
Sorry Discord, some time ago I gived you 5 stars but now I am so sorry fr that bad review, the thing is, the new interface is too bad, it's much harder tu utilise, yes I know that some of us will accommodate with that early but for me I hate the thing that I can't swipe anymore to see the active peoples, this was the iconic part, now it's much much harder for me, just this little thing if you change I will leave you 5 stars again	feature request
Please add games to the "Connections" in mobile along with "Display (game) as your status	feature request
overall a great chat experience. if only the video quality gets high.	feature request
Edit: theyre removing sms functionality. I now have no use for your app. I understand that sms are inherently not secure. However I'm not going to use your app as like a 20th messaging app that inahve on my phone. The fact that it replaced my regular messaging app and helped keep peer to peer signal users with security was my entire reason for using you're app. Absolutely insane business decision.	feature request
I loved Signal at first, but it is quickly becoming a thorn in my side. If I make a new group, with 3 or more people, I cannot find it ANYWHERE. If someone in the group does not message, then it's list for all of eternity. I cannot add a profile pic to the group either. Absolutely frustrating as can be. I left the beta group because I read that could be the issue. Nope. Ugh!!!!	bug report
Does everything I want while respecting my privacy.	irrelevant information
This app stopped working. I don't know how to fix it. It isn't sending my outgoing messages it isn't receiving my incoming messages reliably. I tried signing out and back in turning my mobile devices off even Uninstalling and reinstalling it. It's very frustrating and I'm not impressed.	bug report
I use to love textnow and now I can't get verification code unless I pay it. It's ridiculous that should be free especially if your phone is off and your trying to sign up for jobs if you don't have enough documents for identity verification at the moment .	bug report
Great app. Please add the ability to unsend a message. Many other chat apps have this ability. I use this app for work and I hate sending a message to the wrong group and not having the ability to recall the message.	feature request
Fix the vc's in this app. Especially for those using bt earphones. VC's are getting more worse than the regular phone calls that I make. Why is it too laggy? It's always low quality, and alot of delays when I try to hear someone on VC. Edit: Please read the updated review before sending a response to it.	bug report
They're removing SMS capabilities. SMS exporting doesn't work. It was fun while it lasted..	bug report
I actually love the convenience of this app. My youth group uses it to communicate. A common issue for us is that we don't always receive notifications. I personally don't. I'm trying the uninstall/reinstall method now. It's just frustrating to randomly decide to check the app to see that you're 30 messages behind and missed the conversations.	bug report
Ash: "hey dad" From the world I guess. Lol. # who's Jean? Lol	irrelevant information
Trying to log back into my account all i get is account not created	bug report
Very bad experience after last update After recived a call in bwtween skpye the other side person can not hear my voice . Its everytime now	bug report
The best She	irrelevant information
Crashed automatically all the time	bug report
I cant log in to this always saying that the skype is having trouble and log in error	bug report
Initial set up was difficult,did have directions	bug report
I don't understand why the sign out option is buried deep within the setting. Not everyone want to be signed in all the time. There should be an option to sign out from the main screen	feature request
Easy, fun and private. I enjoy this app better than most I just wish more of my family members would use it more. My only comaints is that sometime it's slow sending and receiving messages while on Wifi. Fix that and 5 stars easy.	feature request
I just re-downloaded text now from a year that I haven't used it when I saw the login it won't go past the enable stage for notifications so I'm going to uninstall it and give it a one	bug report
I would like to advice every body use this app it contains lot of bug which is not repaired by their team yet. A very horrible experience with this app	bug report
I love the app i used it and get free number and now am login it not working please. Fix it before i will download it that why i am not giving it 5star	bug report
uninstalled it and updated it and it keeps on crashing.	bug report
Where is your delete feature?	feature request
No notifications when getting texts. Calls were clear.	bug report
While reinstalling not able to open easily	bug report
THIS IS 3.5 stars. Every single time I try streaming and playing chef showdown but this app keeps on kicking me out of calls	bug report
Not download wrost app	irrelevant information
Im trying to cancel my reoccurring subscription but is intentionally over complex to do so. Be aware, this app will scrape your debit account for every dollar it can. Bordeline scam	bug report
Good but need some improvement	irrelevant information
The new ui sucks Just bring the old one back no one asked for this	feature request
I need the last seen and online Thats all	feature request
Its annoying. You cant delete old chats and is literally useless.	feature request
Constantly  have to refresh in order to get new messages sent  hours ago. Love the app...please fix.	bug report
Signal's decision to remove SMS pretty much ruins their USP to have encrypted messaging and sms with non signal users under a single UI. It's not a secure decision. It's unbelievably dumb and short sighted considering how many tech savvy users have convinced their grandmas to use this app. Suddenly next month a bunch of tech illiterate relatives will be wondering why they can't send or receive messages with their friends.	feature request
I like the app but, it loads slow, eventually when it loads I can send a text just fine. It just bothers me when I'm in a rush. Other than that it's pretty good.	bug report
TextNow is perfect at 5he end of your mobile plan when you've run out of data or minutes but can't or don't want to put more money on your phone. It covers messenger messages noteworthy and other sms services FOR FREE! Find a wifi connection, sign in and Bang! Send your message! Change your number, too!	feature request
Cannot receive texts - locks all SMS verification behind a paywall. EDIT1: I have contacted Pinger Reviews after they have reached out to me. Still waiting for a reply. EDIT2: Textfree support claims that you need to pay to receive it. I guess the developer response to my reviews its automated. My SMS is still locked behind the Text free Plus subscription paywall. My 1 star review still stands.	bug report
This game was addicting but now I can't seem to pass the level I'm on sucks because I was really enjoying the game but otherwise it's a cool game I'll give it 5 stars	bug report
Simple, effective. I like it.	irrelevant information
Plzzz Improve all the bugs ,always it is logging out, SUDDENLY and can't login again .. as soon as possible	bug report
I deleted the app 3 Month ago and I redownload it again for a reason but when I relogin to my account, it says "New login location detected, please check your e-mail" even tho I put in my only one email that I always use in my other applications. Can you please fix it? Please!	bug report
ability to contact inernational friends.	feature request
Great App i have experienced so far	irrelevant information
Easy to use and that's what I wanted. Thanks	irrelevant information
I just started it. Seems good. Thank you	irrelevant information
Very good for chatting, communication and information. But there should be a report button to explain the report for discord instead of "report abuse"	feature request
I've been having issues with Skype recently. I have a Galaxy S9 and since the September update it has been having issues showing video in picture of myself or the person I'm contacting. Multiple times we have had issues with the video not showing and call quality being nonexistent. Finally, when switching between applications the video overlay will show in the corner but the actual video will not show within it. Updates are supposed to fix usability issues, not exacerbate them.	bug report
The new layout looks so disorganised, please add an option to change back.	feature request
Sms delayed	bug report
I love talking on this app as a whole, but the new UI they released sucks so badly, just get rid of it and keep the old UI, nobody I know likes it one bit	feature request
Good morning	irrelevant information
This app allows me to keep in touch with people across the world! I love it!	irrelevant information
Discord app won't load messages given a strong internet connection. I'm not going to even start with the addition of horrid "AI" intellectual theft software in the app.	bug report
It used to be okay but the last few days it goes back and my chats are all gone. I can search a chat and find it but I have no notifications or chats on screen. It's my primary communication and I donate to it regularly so I'm super frustrated....	bug report
It's like down loading a virus that turns a good phone into a dragging flip phone..but it's still awesome ..will gladly rate a five after the virus no longer available with the text now app	bug report
Old discord was so much better	feature request
The app is well built in terms of the API, the GUI is limited by its feature's i suppose. Tho the encryption is the best available to the public sector, countless stories of inability to access devices through the means of law enforcement and none prevail.	irrelevant information
This app makes my phone run extremely slow  it will take me like 10 min to send a Tex and it's force closing alot please fix	bug report
Saves my life	irrelevant information
its a nice app but its makes my phone act really slow then I have a bunch of random people calling me saying that I called them. And I haven't even called them, so I'm getting cussed out by this random person because they think I've called them. I check my call log and the numbers aren't even on there but somehow I've called all these numbers, its ridiculous and really needs to be fixed.	bug report
Would love to see Material You color pallet use as an option in appearance	feature request
The app is great for texting but you can't text or call certain carriers but it works fine	feature request
Not fully trusted messaging system	bug report
Not. T o.o shabby	irrelevant information
I downloaded this for my daughter to use. She loved it. Only complaint is I have purchased two sim cards and haven't received either of them.	irrelevant information
all I know is that i like using this app it works very well for me	irrelevant information
I just got scammed by two of you patrons and i know you won't kick them off so I'll use a different app	irrelevant information
I only downloaded this to do an authorization text and that's not allowed apparently except in the $10 a month plan	feature request
The app wont let other people call me it just gives me a missed call	bug report
Changed phones, neither of Signal's transfer or restore functions worked. The "Transfer" service would never connect, and the back up couldn't be restored because of a continuous pass phrase error. Not ideal. The only app whose process did not work.	bug report
Very good and easy to use ,good quality	irrelevant information
It's a good thing to have, but after awhile people were trying to call me and it wouldn't at work. Missed out on job opportunities & travel unfortunately. Photos don't send through most of the time. Plus recently calls are being dropped often. 2022 - it's been moving calls to my actual phone number which defeats the purpose.	bug report
I had trouble receiving calls at first I could hear the calling party but they could not hear me. I had to make some adjustments to my microphone after that it's been pretty good.	bug report
Can't call out all of a sudden.	bug report
Too many Hackers using this app to scam people	irrelevant information
Free text and talk good for temp phone with wifi and usually works good	irrelevant information
App is worthless cannot work or be trusted while it relies on another app to work.	bug report
I downloaded it for my kindle fire but very confused on adding contacts to the app.	feature request
privacy centred app i love it	irrelevant information
Too many ads. Works pretty good. Broken app	bug report
Well I appreciate discord cause it's literally my only media platform (& I prefer it that way) but I'm there is a serious problem with forums. You see I can open a forum & it will be alright but if the original or first message associated with the forum is on my screen it instantly crashes discord. I had to uninstall & reinstall discord 3 times because of it & it's just upsetting since alot of servers are implimenting or migrating to forums. Please guys find a way to fix this. 4 stars though.	bug report
Very helpful for staying in touch with a group	irrelevant information
My last review was about the changes to its UI which were horrible. Instead of listening to their users, they have opted to make it even worse. The mobile ui is horrendous and almost unusable. At least give us an option to change it back to the previous version.	feature request
Newest update ruined the UI and made it confusing to find individuals. Video calls now don't use speaker mode for audio. Wff	bug report
i hate thissssss	irrelevant information
Nice way of connection Couple of times I had no music bars but my gf ame is solid	feature request
Fix your app this is ridiculous, can't even get notifications or calls	bug report
I loved the app, but when the new layout came out it confused a lot of people including myself. My friends hates the new layout, and I have to say so do I, its supposed to be easier to navigate but it makes it a hundred times harder. I liked the old layout better or when you had the option between layouts. As much as I love discord and having it to communicate with friends, I really dislike the layout. I don't mean to be like "I'm gonna quit" but please change the layout back to the old version!	feature request
The app has issues trying to upload just one image	bug report
Whenever im calling with my friend or sharing my screen with them, my screen randomly goes black. This has been happening for the past few months, please fix this problem.	bug report
Recently I have noticed that my Signal messages sometimes take hours to be delivered. I hope that this is just due to more users and will be fixed but I haven't seen anyone report this.	bug report
THIS APP DOESN'T WORK I COULDN'T MAKE CONTACTS OR CALL ANYONE THE CALLS NEVER WENT THOUGH AND THE ADDS ARE SO ANNOYING 😡😡😡 IF YOU LIKE AN APP THAT SCAMS YOU THE GO AHEAD AND DOWNLOAD IT ALMOST GAVE MY PHONE A VIRUS 😡😡😠😠😬😠😠😠😡😠😬😬😬😬😬	bug report
I am extremely frustrated with your service at this time The last call which I answered was the most important phone call for this week. The TextNow service just DROPED the call right at the most important time of the actual conversation. Now the TextNow service is not even acknowledging the call at all. It is nowhere on the all calls missed calls . Nowhere does it even give me the ability to resort back to the call in any form or fashion. No where in any list for today's calls is it listed.	bug report
You ruined your Ui, it was fine as it was, don't fix what isn't broken.	feature request
I wish you could customize it that's the only con. Its so boring. I like every thing black and pink and it drives me crazy looking at default app setting colors and layout.. most apps let you at least choose dark mode. You guys offer nothing not even paid version. I do really love this app because it is the only one that works when you need to get a code texted to you all other apps won't let you view the text without paying.	feature request
It won't help you with password. pass!	bug report
It very useful I like it very much	irrelevant information
Fast, the only thing, sometimes the ringtone change to other default	bug report
If there is zero like this app is fake and rubbish you can't sign up keep showing error 1602 what's the use of app you can't sign up	bug report
Why did have to bring a new UI?	feature request
It's a great app. Easy to use and it also has video call. I like it	irrelevant information
This apps helps in communicating important information among the group.	irrelevant information
Someone help? I have an HTC1 and the messages all go to my text inbox just like a group text. I try to open it in the app but the conversation I'm using now doesn't show up. Even though, I've used it for a different group about a year ago and the app worked fine and the messages didn't come through like texts. Any insight?	bug report
Frankly: I hate the new design. Love Skype, hate the look. It's also really slow now, for some reason, but that's more likely related to my new phone.	feature request
It ceeps saying loading when I press try and open the app forcing me to uninstall and reinstall.	bug report
Dreadful UI. That's all	feature request
Got worse with the update speaker phone has a bug ND phone call quality sucks now	bug report
I recommend if you don't have phone	irrelevant information
Best out There !! I have tried a few encrypted apps. Signal is superior to them all. Love registration lock option. If you're looking for secured chat, stop looking and start using Signal 😉	feature request
Mobile's never been worth 5 stars. It's always been buggy. But with the new update, bugs aren't the only issue anymore. While most of it's just "different" and change can be uncomfortable, there are some things that are simply "worse" too. 1) Dark mode's too dark. My sibling has astigmatism; the new dark mode messes with their eyes. And no, light mode isn't better. 2) Things that used to be intuitive simply aren’t anymore or take too many more steps. There's obviously more, but character limits.	feature request
Cant even get me a number. I think they ran out	irrelevant information
Used to be a pretty good app but after the new update and redesign, it's gotten terrible. Very buggy now and half the time doesn't even want to work. Pc version still works fine, but the update has made the mobile experience more painful than enjoyable.	bug report
Its good if it would let me in i have tried everything and it doesnt send me my veryfication email to continiue can u fix that it happens to everyone pls	bug report
Atrociously incompetent Support team, especially Trust&Safety team. And insufficient standards of triage and prioritisation. If your account gets hacked, you can expect it a permanent loss. They took 2 months to even respond to the support ticket, by which time the hacker had deleted it. And don't bother following it up with a follow up support request, as that will throw your support ticket father back in the queue. Forget about them prioritizing your safety first.	bug report
VC is completely borked on Bluetooth devices. No amount of input and output changes fixes it. Cleared caches. Forced it closed, etc. I will try re-installing but with how broken it has been lately I don't have much faith.	bug report
App hardly ever works properly.	bug report
the new UI is too different, now I'll have to relearn everything.	feature request
The app is not always functional but most of the time it's very rapid and I appreciate that.	irrelevant information
Discord is really good and I had a really fun time but there are many toxic users in there so I recommend adding more safety features to servers, I'll rate it 5 stars if you hear my request	feature request
Sometimes didn't receive notifications about new messages. Sometimes didn't receive group chat invitations. Not a serious product.	bug report
This is a  crappy app	irrelevant information
Well, it still works, sort of. As long as someone else signs up for signal you two can message each other. Makes NO SENSE to me but i don't work there. And i didn't make the change to downgrade the messaging app to only work here and there because you'll only find people here and there who have signal. It's bs, whoever thought it was good idea to remove the actual thing that it's supposed to do is an idiot imo. Again, want me that decided to remove signal's texting capabilities. It's really sad	bug report
Really fun to use this app love spending send my freinds and family memes while gaming	irrelevant information
Days transfer is fast and fabulous! Signal ALWAYS gets through, no matter where. Use it all the time. Awesome.	irrelevant information
Well I couldnt get the newer version but the old one stunk I couldnt add contacts it was so hard being able to text people it just wasnt great I hope the new one is mich better	feature request
Keeps kicking me off. Sucks can't even write a sentence. Then kicks me out again and again. Plz fix app.	bug report
I have used this app for voice chat to play and have fun with my friends I would recommend this app for people who wants to play with there friends with voice chat very nice app.	irrelevant information
Buttons doesn't work on my Android phone .	bug report
Poor connection while connecting the calls. Voice is not audible properly .Very slow performance and loading very slowly.	bug report
Mu grand son is learning self discipline thank you	irrelevant information
Everything is fine but lacks just one thing, A whiteboard to share with students! We are looking forward to it! A built-in skypeboard!	feature request
Never get my notifications.	bug report
Thanks for fixing the issues. Everything is working fine now.	irrelevant information
Calls arent free	bug report
Needs to improve streaming stability	bug report
It will not let me log in	bug report
I can get over the unnecessary and abrupt UI change, but what I can't get over is how damn unresponsive the app has become since the update. I'm not even gonna get into the slow loading when trying to switch from server to server or from any server to the DM screen. Absolutely ridiculous.	bug report
Is this a chat app or a scheduling app? The event scheduling doesn't make sense. I can't start a new private chat to a group member from a group.	feature request
Transmission is interrupted at times and audio is not always clear.	bug report
Good app, I can send larger text, some bigger documents without fail, compared to standard texting	feature request
Uninstalled because IRRELEVANT notifications being sent to my phone. If it's not a call or text, how dare you bother me. Nag nag nag nag	bug report
Ever since there was a new update, the ability to send images and videos is so glitchy that it's unreasonable. Please fix this.	bug report
Was working really great, til a fee days ago. It rings but call is dropped when I answer and when I make a call, it doesnt go thru. I get an error message. Cannot connect with server and/or internet. Check conmections	bug report
The app is nice but they should add an quick account switcher like they give on desktop this will be an amazing feature for user with multiple IDs	feature request
After the most recent update on Samsung Note 8, I can no longer login into my account.	bug report
great except for the constant ads	bug report
Trying to get text now to open up problem	bug report
Too many people trying to scam me	irrelevant information
Excellent tool for group texts and other communications like schedules and polls	irrelevant information
Convenient and private	irrelevant information
It full of glitches FIX UR APP	bug report
Absolute garbage interface. Edit: the reason being, is: Continue with Google: "Unfortunately there are no available numbers in that area code." It's my own number how is it not available? Continue with email, signup: brings me back to the area code thing. I'll change my rating to a 3 star since you are trying, and I just might be an idiot, not understanding something. Sorry that I sound like an a*hole but this app is infuriating. Best of luck.	bug report
If it was possible to give a "NO Star" rating I would! During a call it shows if there is a poor or excellent signal. I can be sitting on top of the wireless router and still have dropped calls!!! Why does it make that annoying sound when connection is lost? This app seriously needs some adjustments!!!	bug report
It is used as a daily connection with the members of my church.	irrelevant information
In Screen share option please add Remote Controlling like Team viewer.	feature request
Last patch is really bad, can't send images in text channels any more only in private messages. Accessing search is a pain.	feature request
It is okay but can it plz give us more time!	feature request
Awesome app Always helps me when I need it too!!	irrelevant information
So-so app for free calls	irrelevant information
Loss of SMS reduces it's versatility AND credibility.	feature request
Not impressed	irrelevant information
Calling wont go through incoming or outgoing	bug report
Wow, what happened?? You can still text your friends for free but I have to pay $10/Month for short form verification codes like from Facebook? If I don't want to give companies my phone number, why would I give YOU my debit card info? No need for it then.	feature request
It's the best app for me.. more preferable to the others and very user friendly. thanks textfree keep it up	irrelevant information
I can't log In anymore the app is glitching really bad. I uninstalled and downloaded again, I cleared cache, allowed all permissions ,and unrestricted battery use. It still won't let me log in	bug report
Great service Great service	irrelevant information
Discord is a great service at its core and I've been a nitro sub for years, but they're constantly fiddling with things in the app that break your muscle memory in a very frustrating way, with no option to revert back to the classic layout which resembles the desktop version. I hate cancelling my nitro & leaving negative reviews but there's no other way they'll hear your voice. I don't want to swipe right to reply, I want my search history back, and I want my dms to be where they've always been	feature request
No, no, no. You guys somehow make the app worse with every single update. the previous layout of the mobile app was perfect as it was, and nobody asked for this update. The way that the app resembled the desktop version with minor differences was perfect, but it looks and behaves like an entirely different website now. Please, do us all a favor, and stop majorly changing the way your app looks. Stop 'fixing' something that isn't broken.	feature request
Trying this keep number home emergency number love this app	irrelevant information
The app use to work good, now the volume goes out within 2 minutes of the call.	bug report
Not gettin notifications either.	bug report
I dont know haven't been able to use it	irrelevant information
It works for what I need it for.	irrelevant information
It's nice having discord on a mobile device, but chill out with all the HUD updates. Each one makes me want to uninstall the app more and more. Not every little detail needs tweaking, mostly everything was working and looking just fine before a million updates were thrown in my way. And now pronouns in bios. I can't wait for the next new chatting app to uproot you.	feature request
Audio & Video calling online has stopped working. SMS text is sluggish when attempting to use emojis. The entire platform is now slow, sluggish and sometimes unresponsive! Both Android and Windows 10 OS have the same issue across all devices (and NO it's NOT my internet speed). Gone from bad to worse over the past year... 😖	bug report
Message notification not showing sometimes, messages not sending sometimes, really worst experience of mine	bug report
Doesn't work properly on MIUI	bug report
This app is really quick and does not lag. Everyone from Apple to Android users can use this app with no hangup. I will recommend this app if you want to message everyone.	irrelevant information
Choppy when on call	bug report
Rubbish app	irrelevant information
It keeps saying that I have one notification in the notification section of the app when I don't. I also cannot see when people tag me and mention me, even though the option for that IS on. Please fix this as it can be irritating and annoying.	bug report
Love the app but a lot of times I can't receive messages and its annoying..	bug report
It's ok and fun to have this group chat.	irrelevant information
Why would you automatically choose phone "speaker" instead of speakers and have to change audio input when you know that phones turns off when you use phone "speaker"????	feature request
subscriber to textnow for 4 years.	irrelevant information
This app sucks so bad it wouldn't even let me make a account never waste your time on this bad app.	bug report
I couldn't open my account I delete it but pls remove this verify by phone feature plss😟😟	bug report
extra 10+ phone calls per day, even if I don't answer them, are too	bug report
Won't let me upload videos Google pixel 3xl. Keep getting the retry message. Also tried from my laptop and received a file not supported message. I am on theoat recent version. Not sure why it isn't working.	bug report
So this app froze and me and my friend couldn't use it anymore so I tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it and logging back on but the app just froze up again I hope this gets fix really soon or else we will have to change to a different app.	bug report
I can never get a number from my home state of Hawaii and its annoying, I don't want another number I want Hawaii, friends and family won't answer no other area code that's not Hawaii	bug report
Getting worse with each daily update on 2 different devices: doesn't push notifications; even when it does, notification opens to missing text, asks to 'update your profile' a lot (waste of time to go to app) and now it won't load some earlier messages. Looking into other apps at this point, this one is 5 thumbs down 👎👎👎👎👎	bug report
You should Update your ragistar thing😡😡	irrelevant information
Messages take forever to download	bug report
used to be 4 stars; janky, but functional, and a strong connecting point for my friends and communities. lost a star for making tone-deaf fundamental changes to the platform (like the mobile UI redesign) despite widespread community backlash.	feature request
This is the most confusing app to use if you're unwilling to let them access your contacts! I only wanted this app to video chat with my mom, who also downloaded the app, yet it won't connect us unless we allow it access to all of our contacts! No thanks, we'll find another app.	bug report
I'm not receiving a message from Instagram for a code	bug report
Great a little tricky for some reason to set up some servers but it's pretty we worth it	feature request
Upload polio it opportunity love 💕💕 it oo poo in is o u	irrelevant information
works properly. This would be a 5 star app if this were fixed.	irrelevant information
New and still learning	irrelevant information
I just text on it but so far it is great	irrelevant information
The video is very stable.. nice one	irrelevant information
New app is extremely buggy	bug report
This is the perfect app that I was looking for	irrelevant information
Update is trash	feature request
Great app for getting and putting out team information	irrelevant information
A bug is there that make emoji not work we cant even serce for emoji	bug report
Let's me communicate with others using different platforms easily.	irrelevant information
Hi, new review here. Notice how it's still one star? That's cause once again, an outage has occured. And I've tried everything to fix it, but no, discord is not working still. I'm not paying $99 a year for an app that is barely stable and breaks every update.	bug report
Makes a notification sound during a chat while the app is open.. I hate that	feature request
refuses to let me turn on my camera evrn after i enabled it	bug report
I can't tag ppl in groups, this issue should be fixed by now. I reported that issue a year ago.	bug report
The version 209.14 UI is god awful. It's just ugly and simplified down to the point that it's more complicated to find stuff. As of writing this, it's been and hour and I still can't find the member list for servers. For the love of God, change it back please	feature request
It's good it's nice it's a very wild ride. So far all's good for having a community or friends around here	irrelevant information
Its too complicated a seriously to mad just on the beginning because its too complicated it dumb and stupid	irrelevant information
Its a nice app but for andriod its not really okay	feature request
App doesnt work properly and the worst customer service I ever received. Huh	bug report
It's a great way for a school class group of parents to keep in contact about the details of special events throughout the year. Easy to ask questions or share information, pictures, and videos with other group members.	irrelevant information
Latest mobile is completely horrible. Please go back to what we had previously.	bug report
What happened to the overhead camera it's gone on the app on PC version now I don't know if I'm in the call or out of the call and when I share me screen I can share the sound	bug report
Really good with a bunch of useful features. My issue is that it glitches too much. I will be in one channel, and switch to another channel, but it will still show me the messages from the first channel.	bug report
Eh, it's Discord	irrelevant information
Garbage if you spend your money for minutes. After buying 400 minutes, the app automatically changed my number and stole my money. Do not pay!	bug report
01. Auto speaker mode, who needs loudspeaker be default? There's no settings to disable it either. 02. It shows the call, sometimes it doesn't allow me to pick up 03. Does not turn off phone screen automatically. -3 points. Solve nd get 5 again	bug report
This app is awesome & please, dont Chang a thing!!!	irrelevant information
hate the new ui	feature request
Client management very easy. I like the screen share option.	feature request
I just set up this app, gave my new Text Free number to important contacts, asked them to "test call" the number... and infuriatingly, the Text Free number DID NOT RING, so I could not answer the calls(!). Instead, all calls were sent to voicemail(!) even though I turned off that "feature"😣 in settings!! What's worse, the voicemail messages were NOT even recorded! This app is a maddening mess! I don't expect a free, adware/spyware VoIP app to function like a Swiss watch, but it should work!	bug report
I think they are trying their best to help us GOD BLESS!!!	irrelevant information
Simply doesn't work. Each release of Skype bloats the app and now messages just sit with a spinner. The one thing Skype should be able to do, send a message, is broken.	bug report
worx sometime then dont for a while NOT recommended	bug report
Discord Add monki	feature request
The mobile app does not do what it's supposed to do there's nothing but call you about a grief and lead to your bank account	bug report
I am the admin. When I send a direct message to someone in my group I cannot see the message once sent and a banner says start the conversation. Very frustrating.	bug report
free calls and texts as long as you have wifi	irrelevant information
better performance now, still nowhere near the old ui speed though :( hopefully it improves in a couple years.... lol	irrelevant information
If I didn't have to use it because of my community, I wouldn't. You have download a video 10 times to succeed, and you can't save it at all. It automatically turns off wifi. It's just awful.	bug report
It's good. I can talk not only with friends but with community's too. But I'm experiencing where images I send show up bigger then I inspected and appears glitched	bug report
i missed the simple days minimalist design	feature request
Great to use when your in a pinch and can't get your regular service minutes to work!! Thank you text free I was able to check my voicemail, call businesses, landlines all numbers you can't call when using messagner, Snapchat and other apps.	feature request
I don't like that people I don't have any connections to, message me.	irrelevant information
Easy to use, simple to customize. Lots of permissions, though	irrelevant information
Discord is great, and I've used it for years, but I recently got the update with the new UI, and I really dislike it. If there's a way to go back to the old one I'd change my review to probably 4 or 5 stars	feature request
It's an okay app for quickly starting in touch with a small group. I personally don't like a running feed, especially where the comments ebb and flow from day to day. I would prefer to "REPLY" to comments of my choosing, especially if I don't get to respond immediately - and by the time I do, the conversation had already shifted. I also do NOT like being UNABLE TO EDIT any message - or again, post an immediate "reply" to my original post to correct anything. Okay, I guess I don't like the app...	feature request
It was great at first. Until I couldn't receive any messages unless I wait for like an hour or more or restart my phone.	bug report
Removing SMS support is an unwise decision. This app served as a single platform for both secure and insecure contacts. Without SMS it will be yet another separate chat app no one will use. I plan on uninstalling once that happens.	feature request
It's ok. Would like to add blur or green screen to the video Skype call. Also, voices are having feedback issues.	feature request
Works well, app works great on Linux desktop distros (rare), but interface and emojis need an upgrade. Feels a bit like an app from 4 years ago.	feature request
Really neat, the participants block some part of the view. It'd be better if they're one different section.	feature request
it is fine	irrelevant information
If I lose the code number, no way to find it	bug report
Overall great app, but I cannot call or text a 1 800 numbers	bug report
This app sucks you can't get Verification codes unless you pay for it BS	bug report
Works great when it works, but every once in a while crashes my phone, forcing it to restart.	bug report
Clear my screen online Wi-Fi of and others in to my Dada	bug report
We had an successful Surprise Birthday for my moms 80th! The secret was intact because this APP allowed the family to communicate and plan this event with memories that will endure and last for a lifetime.	irrelevant information
Functionally has dropped substantially over time, both on the mobile app, and on desktop. Bugs are far more common over time, and most require closing the app and relaunching, sometimes multiple times, to try to fix them. The app used to be very good, with very few issues. That's just not the case anymore.	bug report
Hello Skype Please update bug and this technical issue because this number doesn't work	bug report
How do I get it and is it on my phone	irrelevant information
It is very good to talk to your friends, and no adds.	irrelevant information
Forever missin calls and texts, many times I have friends call me on here and my phone doesn't even ring despite WiFi/Data on. Once this is no longer an issue I will change to 5 stars	bug report
The UI is not smooth, sometime crashes or hanging.	bug report
The privacy feature is wonderful. And it is easy for me to sing to my sweetheart on this platform. 2 thumbs up !	irrelevant information
It wouldn't let me call	bug report
It's good, I use it to store stuff and talk to my friends it has some glitches but nothing to bad	irrelevant information
show online of friends	feature request
It works when it wants to... Im not too happy that I cant reach people out of state though. I HAVE FAMILY IN DIFFERENT PARTS OF TGE WORLD!	feature request
Im getting alot of spam and i dont even gove out my free texting app	bug report
I absolutely am disappointed with the new update. Super confusing and hard to use after years of basically simple swipe left or right discord for servers dms and people. Please give a rollback for the older version would be very nice	feature request
I tryed to call 911 but i could'nt because i had to wait for the ads to finish .	bug report
Honestly, this app has helped me out of a bit of a tight spot. I lost my job and was suddenly unable to afford my phone bill so I did some searching for cheap phone plans. This popped up, seemed too good to be true, but I bit the bullet and ordered their SIM. Service is satisfactory, ad's aren't intrusive and everything works as it should with no dropped calls or missed texts.	irrelevant information
50/50 its great until you have to pay for certain features	feature request
This is better then other app but need some advance features wich can make it very best aap	feature request
THIEF!!! HAMAS APP BULLIES YOU TO PAY!!!	irrelevant information
Cannot install, just not uploading	bug report
Edit: Can we please stop adding in features nobody wants while removing good features? --- Recent business decisions have forced me to remove my positive review. The app doesn't have functionality I consider essential and will be looking for a replacement.	feature request
I thought the app was great when I got it it works great then after 2 months it started going slow when my friend trys to send me a text I have to log out and log back in I'll give it a 2 star	bug report
I have to uninstall and reinstall on a regular basis. Its a bit frustrating but its free.	bug report
I just log out to my main account then i created a new account but when i gonna log in to my main account it says "Login or password is invalid" i tried so many times and i can't log in then i try to log in to my new account i can't log in either cause it's saying the same thing pls fix this i need my account back	bug report
I'd love to give pinger 5 stars but there's a huge flaw in the programming. I see now that if you text from the computer and text from your phone later the messages won't be there. Even if I refresh my phone, restart it, turn it off.. My messages are gone. Only showing messages from the past few days. I had to download the old text free just to see what my friends were texting. Please fix this and I'll fix your rating Pinger!	bug report
I hsve tp redrt my phone. From a shut down, alot. To get this app to make calls.	bug report
I have been using signal for years and it works pretty well despite the occasional hiccups. I'm still not sure if I trust it though. Lots of financial ties to questionable entities. Anyting tied to your phone number is not truly private. And there are way too many large updates. Who knows what is being changed. Back doors?	irrelevant information
The app is lagging too much when i go to other server And, my friends got free nitro for month why i dont have it?	bug report
Wont assign me a number	bug report
Disabled my account for no reason, when I create a new one, it automatically shows as disabled too. The appeal form says 'multiple entries not allowed' even though I only tried to submit one.	bug report
Works great until it fails to send messages to a group for 10+ hours (if it sends at all).	bug report
Wants you to pay to use their service. Limits certain types of texts behind a monthly paid subscription.	irrelevant information
i like this app i can call and text people for free but, its kind of annoying how when i get calls or texts it dosnt show up on my screen it just shows the notifcationd in my notfi box and when i get calls i have a limited amount of time even when they dont answer i still loose minutes.	feature request
Demands I sync contacts from my personal phone. Update: Went to give it another shot. Now I'm banned from using it for leaving a 1 star review. 🤣	bug report
I want to know how many people can talk voice simultaneously on the meeting room channel . Means the limit is how many people?	feature request
The latest update changed the layout and it's really bad and inconvenient. For anyone else who, like me, is angry at the new layout, don't worry, YOU CAN CHANGE IT BACK. Simply go to your settings, then in appearance, then switch off "new layout". It's still pretty sad i had to go looking around instead of getting actual help from the app review customer service.	feature request
update, after update it keeps pushing for the same update....not sure what	bug report
Great. Just switched to Android my family uses apple, and I'm not allowed to use WhatsApp. So I use signal with my dad it works GREAT 👍🏻	irrelevant information
Good app. But random reset destroyed my entire chat history. Backup didn't work.	bug report
Photo quality is superb doesnt look like they degrade the quality	irrelevant information
New update is atrociously un-user friendly. just changing things for the sake of changing things. Android users, you can find APK's to install old versions online, I would highly recommend	feature request
This Is a good app were i talk with my friends in the server But it is a bit confusing	irrelevant information
They've completely butchered the layout and made the app completely unusable	feature request
New update lot of bugs	bug report
The appis cool but how i wish they can add to the upgrade like what's app did so you can block some numbers from calling that will be cool, just add block calls to the profile so you won't get unnecessary calls	feature request
This app isn't working. Gets stuck.	bug report
Complicated	irrelevant information
The app is great but if you are going to force the user to get Nitro it's not great Explanation: if i try to sent a video in a server of file size 3 mb it says file too powerful more than 8 mb and tells us to buy Nitro Like why discord why	feature request
You just destroyed what made your app appealing in the first place. The latest update contains none of Discord's previous originality or functionality now. I am very disappointed.	feature request
when im just searching up names it crashes after writing two letters. Why?	bug report
So far so good and light	irrelevant information
If you have an Android phone dump this MS garbage and install Google Duo.	irrelevant information
Fgjfp if do so that in go to in sleep	irrelevant information
Great app for call an texting	irrelevant information
The update just ruined it. Good luck trying to keep subscribers.	bug report
It takes long to use and when you text it spell the word twice	bug report
Luv this! So far, no discappts!	irrelevant information
Why is there an ugly overlay over my screen when I'm in a call? Overlay is fine but at least give me the option to close or hide it without dropping the call.	feature request
I liked this game very much. Really good game.	irrelevant information
Not been using Signal long so need to learn more about it's features (not always easy) but happy so far.	irrelevant information
Will rate later! Hoping good things!	irrelevant information
I've been using it for months with only couple issues but this morning it deleted 100 percent of my messages and about 30 contacts....with zero way of retrieving them.... Almost 2 years worth of messages and contacts gone over night. Beyond upset	bug report
Good app but you cannot receive text only calls	bug report
It was working great for a long time, as of right now it won't let me log in and keeps logging me out over and over again.	bug report
profiles of new contacts. Really kills the functionality of the app.	feature request
Annoying Skype news notifications. Let us turn off these annoying notifications by Skype news notifications. I don't want to be forced to listen to your political point of view.	feature request
Something is big time wrong with this app above and beyond it's normal quirks. It's showing the same chat log for multiple different servers and messages.	bug report
I was banned quickly from this app for no reason other than I tried logging in from different browsers and was having issue. No VPN, IP is not blacklisted. For this reason alone, I consider this app worthless as it's unreliable.	bug report
I had over 100 minutes & you took my number I only didn't use it for a few days what's up with that !?? You're usually pretty despite the bad reception but that was not cool	bug report
Tried to SMS numbers who were serviced by Movistar, Porta, and even Alegro. No Luck. I dialed with 011+ 593-CELL# & without 011 just 593-CELL# and nothing still. USA SMS is fine but not the reason I downloaded it for.	feature request
App is dependable and easy to pop up on screen.	irrelevant information
Its okay I don't like the fact that I need points or whatever it is called and it has too many ads other than thats its great	feature request
Not work in Bangladesh	bug report
No way that I have seen to edit contacts picture or number if they change numbers. Other than that, call quality has always been good for me.I will most likely keep for an extra number. Also, it is a good one to download to an extra device so one can find their phone if a misplace happens.	feature request
Someone sends a message, and it takes 10 to 60 minutes to get to me. Internet connection is stable (apps like whatsapp pose no problem? Contacted costumer support and they have been unsupportive.	bug report
I just lost a phone number Is bad for six months. No warning, just gone and the app says I don't have an account. Not a good day for Text Now I just had it happen again! My tablet crashed, I went out and bought a new phone, downloaded all the saved apps and data, I thought. Nope my text now app won't allow me to log on. The only choice was to get a new number. I really hate this feature/benefit of the company.	bug report
I Ben ask to come here	irrelevant information
Do not install. There's malware from their ads that will automatically install on your phone.	bug report
Dummiest app I ever used! I have sign in problem verrrry single time I used Skype. I can not change my phone number!!!! I had to verify my identity multiple time by now. It is a baaaaad user experience.	bug report
Since the upgrade, It is horrible with phone calls out going & incoming. On incoming I  don't even receive them anymore, and when you make an out going call that requires you to use the key pad THE KEY PAD DOESN'T  WORK AT ALL. I HAVE PUSH 1-0 AND NOTHING HAPPENS. Very DISAPPOINTED...  This is all I have rite nowfor calls. Since  UPGRADE, bad on text now too. I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED but, Would not recommend this...	bug report
Why I cannot logging this I hate this apk	bug report
Maybe this is the best app for messaging I've used so far 🤍	irrelevant information
Keeps getting deleted off my phone	bug report
This app is for teens and older adults. I am 76 and it was. Easy for me. I just do not care to invite other people. That is for the younger group.	irrelevant information
Weekly my account is becoming signout but good app	bug report
since the last update, they have completely changed how the app works-- and not for the better. you now have to go into 2 different menued to pm someone, whereas before you only had to press *one* button. I would love to have that back. I'm to acoustic for this big of a change.	feature request
Litterally cannot be uninstalled. Just went to uninstall it and it showed me it was being uninstalled then jumped to "open" and "update" Forced software on devices is litteral a garbage.	bug report
I can't get back into chats after I uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Customer service isn't very helpful either.	bug report
its A Great App Need Work On video, audio and messages, connection issues and over lapping video for audio now And Then! Also Hangs Up Sometimes But Otherwise Good!	bug report
The app is good just that I have to exit/close to read other peoples messges	bug report
The app is very good but after the update my app keeps crashing for no reason	bug report
it was great for 2 hours than all of a sudden the app closes and wont let u reopen less u uninstall and download again	bug report
I dont mind this app, but the ads are getting too annoying specially when I'm on calls. The ads unmute themselves and interrupts my conversations.	bug report
Works very well although it appears you can only use it on one device at a time.	feature request
Can't receive pictures so its not goood at all! Fix this and the app would be much better	bug report
Ads	irrelevant information
Needs an update for better calling. Service, its not good,	bug report
We happy have Signal. Very easy to use. Thank you.	irrelevant information
Good but need morr development & update to can see the status & seen like whatsApp	feature request
Great experience every use	irrelevant information
Does what it says, but never got the free 60 mins?? And also a lot of the time I try and call it wont complete because of a poor connection and when it does work the call breaks up. As well as when you send a text it will fail but once you retry then it sends. Although, I'd say maybe like a third of the time it will have a great connection. So all in all, I am somewhat happy enough with this app that I will still continue to use it for at least a little bit longer, thats only if though nothing gets worse.	bug report
Can't get the number I was using back	bug report
Canceled my weekly subscription.... now many times a day a notification that appears over everything saying can't get payment... ya because I Canceled it...... I Uninstalled and reinstalled as developer told me to do. Doing that stopped the notification but forced me to choose a new number.	bug report
More than 90 percent of the time I don't get immediate notifications which is rather annoying.	bug report
I like discord usually. But the mobile app has been becoming increasingly more glitchy since the update. I mean like channels not showing up my app randomly closing, it's a really huge inconvenience	bug report
It would be nice to have some more interactive features like lists, notes, polls that give the options to add items. Example: family members who are planning a gathering need an interactive checklist with the option of adding item as they go. A topic tag line to group messages would be good too. So you don't always have to create new groups.	feature request
Have never used skype before and now i have i think thats how i'll ve making my calls fron now on	irrelevant information
It was Great app and has soo many security features .I loved it but the descion to kill sms surport makes it less useful than it was	feature request
I canr log back into my account it only says sign in no log in and I tried my account on sign in and I didn't work	bug report
Its glitchy and won't update on my phone, and won't except some calls because of that, I tried looking up how to update but everything I tried didn't work	bug report
sometimes it works sometimes it don't	bug report
Everything is good except 1)Sending video will compresses itself and became currupt, audio became 0.5x and not sync with video 2) plz add gallery options, other then signal default gallery Dear team plz solve	feature request
Very Good app but I am facing calling issue since last update ...please sort this issue....	bug report
Rediculously frustrating! Froze my whole phone every time I tried to make a phone call. Lagging, won't hang up, have to take my battery out to exit the app, and won't let any calls go through after the second call I made after installing this app. Takes a million years for my texts to go through! Waste of time and space.	bug report
It would be alright, except you can't copy and paste from messages. It's suppose to help you communicate with people, but doesn't let you copy and paste part of a message? Got a restaurant name you want to share? Too bad, you're pasting that whole message into Google maps. Gah.	feature request
I like TextNow I really in joy	irrelevant information
Normally i would rate this app or anything like it at 3, 4 stars however there seems to be a bug that im pretty sure was introduced in one of the updates. The bug: in dms only, images can get sent and are visible until i go to zoom in or view by selecting an image. At which point, it greys out. I didnt have this issue before.	bug report
Plenty room for improvement! Does often what it wants not what I set it up to do.	bug report
I think there's a bug which is can't hear sometime when its on call	bug report
I use discord to text all of my friends but this new layout update SUCKS. stop changing the layout when you could be fixing the glitches and improving the voice calls and voice notes.	feature request
Why my account sending harem group to group-and my friend	bug report
Somehow my app updated and now I hate it cuz of this new ugly ui	feature request
It was working and i got a phone number once but now it's not working any longer 😡😡	bug report
App is very, very slow, takes a minute to change between pages, it takes ages to get loaded. A poor app.	bug report
This app is nice for social interacting, but sometimes it has annoying bugs. In the new update, when you click on a server too quickly and then switch to another sever the chat from the other server is still gonna be there and to remove it you have too close the whole app. And the second one that's actually very very annoying me is the one when you try and log back in it says "Oops you caught an ultra rare error" and it doesn't let me log in. Please do something about this.	bug report
Can't even make a account	bug report
This app stinks!!! I can't make phone calls unless I am connected to wifi even after I have spent almost 50 bucks for a subscription plus money on the phone and money to have it ad free. I only paid so much because I wanted the talk and data which doesn't work. Will never recommend this app	bug report
Didn't let me connect to some of the chats	bug report
The app is alright but it can use some updates. It goes in-&-out even with excellent wifi. And I can't activate my sim card. Everytime I click "active your sim card", it takes me back to what I was on before I clicked, "active your sim card". But it's alright because it still let's me make calls, even if it's 10 minutes later. Warm regards, Alexis Smith 🫀🫶🏾 !	bug report
kindly please add urdu language...	feature request
I think its an otaye app	irrelevant information
Stopped loading images completely.	bug report
Putting ads right where i need to select something is really messed up. Just trying to text a few people becomes very frustrating.	bug report
Giving it another shot..	irrelevant information
Great app, always improving since day of launch. Devs really working their asses off and it shows.	irrelevant information
Fil hal to App achi trah chl ri ha	irrelevant information
Just as easy to use as any standard messaging app, plus it's more secure.	irrelevant information
This is the WORST and SLOWEST most Ad filled piece of garbage you will ever use Just get text now instead of this garbage app. So garbage	bug report
I enjoy the app everywhere but my tablet, it makes me hold alt and enter at the same time to send a message and then it makes me touch the dialog box to start typing another message. Very annoying.	bug report
I was a happy signal user, and then they killed SMS integration and introduced Stories. Congratulations on making your app a poor clone of other dead social media.	feature request
Excellent and my favorite	irrelevant information
It's pretty good I can chat with my friends	irrelevant information
It needs some more work but it's good , the design is very (telegram /whatsapp) like but I feel it can change	feature request
Compare to other video quality of Skype is much better!	irrelevant information
It was working fine but now it says error please check connection when  I have an internet connection that works because I use the internet on my phone with it, im not getting notifications anymore,and messages are coming in very late...please fix I enjoyed the services when they did work..once it is working again ill give a 5 star...	bug report
Even after 7 years this app is still glitchy, slow on mobile and filled with bugs. Bad UX	bug report
Don't really use it enough so im not the best person to ask sorry	irrelevant information
The new User Interface sucks and is unbearable to look at	feature request
the new UI is horrible. why change what worked so well before? the mobile app used to be the same as the desktop app which is SUPER easy to navigate!	feature request
Its ok for free, but to many problems, like messages messing up, pictures not showing, etc. not to mention  I cant call and it says it has that..	bug report
I can't open the app now, is any problem do you have? Please explain why. I really need to answer the text that I missed from this afternoon.	bug report
Ringtone doesn't always work. Tested once, didn't ring. Changed it, Tested, and then it worked. Notifies of missed calls however, and great to text.	bug report
The new UI update has completely ruined the user experience and I do not recommend it to anyone anymore. Find an alternative.	feature request
Has been getting slower and slower, Devs should focus on stability rather than more features	bug report
Pretty good app....I mean it is a Wi-Fi messaging & calling app so yeah it's pretty good. I don't like that you only have a certain amount of minutes for calling,that sucks!	feature request
Its okay it can have its lagging times but other than that its okay	bug report
I'm sorry but the new design isn't very good. The old design was far easier to work with for mobile users.	feature request
I enjoy talking and texts for free like Who weren't! Great experience with this app	irrelevant information
It decent, not as good as other apps but pretty good.	irrelevant information
Old-fashioned app that still refuses to support Google login despite the year being 2023. Even the other sign-in method (email/phone # & password) does not work. Update the UI.	feature request
TextNow, yes Sir, that's what's up. Great App thank you for the appreciated work you guys have done!! Sincerely, J.$imon	irrelevant information
not bad . does the job. and free.	irrelevant information
I just signed up for the first time right now and it won't give me an area code. What am I supposed to do.	bug report
Hello The program has a lot of problems, please improve it, I can't do it	bug report
Okay if you were debating changing your password on Discord keep prepare the Bang Your Head On The Wall also no resetting your password will not help you at what started the problem I had	bug report
Okay so I really love this app and have been using it for such a long time but for the past couple months I'll try to go on the app it'll say I have no connection but my wifi will be at full bars and everything else works and this will go on for a couple days so I can't answer texts or even look at them for at LEAST 2 days or more- I'm not sure if this is a problem with my device or not but I just thought I should say something	bug report
It's great as a messaging app, but it glitched out my phone, if I put my hand or a finger to swipe or anything at the top left of my screen the whole thing would go black. I use it occasionally but the was annoying af	bug report
New update made everything hard	bug report
It is a great resource for keeping family and friends together.	irrelevant information
Consistent and simple.	irrelevant information
The notifications do not always pop up, it could be the app or my phone	bug report
number..how can i retrieve my skype?	bug report
Nice interface, but frequent CPU usage causes battery drain. Uninstalled. - DroidX 2.2.1	bug report
Unable to post photos in the chat when it worked previously. Says message failed every time. App is updated.	bug report
I have used discord for years now and find the new privacy policy outrageous. If this stays in place I will not be updating the app and may find a new service. Sharing our private messages with any authorities is unacceptable.	irrelevant information
This App is not working properly in Android device many lag experience	bug report
Got a college phone call app decided to get its advertisement of reverse number and amother two making me lose my call, if i get my number reserved i will still get advertaismennts	bug report
CANT EVEN OPEN THE APP AFTER INSTALLING IT	bug report
Lets me send & receive sms but doesnt open conversation. jumps to startup screen, then to conversation list back to startup screen. archos gen8 tablet	bug report
It was good before but the new update is just crazy bad.	feature request
worked fine until now. messages not loading. deleted and reinstalled. now it won't let me log in! DOES NOT WORK on my pixel 7.	bug report
Great and convenient	irrelevant information
Texting is not free. You should be suited for false advertising. This app is a SCAM	bug report
Make group comms so easy between our work group	feature request
I can't text messages but I can receive it,Pretty weird,And when I tried to update it didn't work at all,please help.	bug report
Wonderful way to communicate with staff and coworkers	irrelevant information
"This app doesn't support the latest version of Android." I'll come back when Signal arrives in 2023. 🙄	bug report
Gets the job done. Not bad for a free line	irrelevant information
[UPDATE] I set the auto delete feature for 1 week on 1 person and 1 day on another. Both stopped working in August. It deletes the other person on my end, but my messages are still there. [OLD REVIEW] Seems decent, but as mentioned before, you can't delete your messages for everyone in chat after a certain amount of time passes; it becomes permanent. You can delete your messages on your end, but the other person keeps your messages.	bug report
It was fine even with the ads but now there are ads that open windows in the middle of calls and end the call. It barely works now. Just use something else.	bug report
I wish I could give a 9.5 out of ten...I understand that bugs will happen...only reason I didnt give 5 Love the service for voice calls while gaming, chatting, chilling roleplaying and many things ...love using Discord just sometimes have issues that are easily fixed by restarting the app or checking settings after an update!!	feature request
Great app, except sometimes I can't hear people and they can't hear me and I need to reinstall the app alot	bug report
It works, but it hasnt changed in 20 years, or added anything cool during the pandemic, so, when you feel like taking your eyes off Whatsapp, send a message to an old friend via Skype, you may get a reply in a couple of years when they possibly check their account. Oh, of course, its a Microsoft app, hence the lack of innovation and vision...	irrelevant information
it's a great system for a second phone number	irrelevant information
Can't login what happen? Keep sending me ultra error and ask me to verify again and again	bug report
new layout is unfriendly and aggrivating. no option to switch to old layout.	feature request
This app is so slow i cant stand it i had to delete it it was so badd it want even send any picture messeges why is that?it is horable it nedd fixed really bad	bug report
Awful app. Constantly disconnecting, can't watch streams, awful connection, constant robot voice, won't load messages properly. Discord phone app is awful now. PC app is fine. New design is also awful, can't access message properly, can't even swipe to see members online in servers. The app is a hassle and chore to use. 2/5 only because PC app is great.	bug report
The app is extremely laggy and the ads are overwhelming.	bug report
Does what it says	irrelevant information
Perfect until they removed sms, now its unusable	bug report
Ever since the app had an UI update, I've never gotten on time notifications. My messages NEVER LOAD when I un tab and re tab back into it. If I want to see the latest messages, I have to keep reopening this darn app. It's pitiful that I have to be forced to use this low maintenance design of an interface... I'll decide to give back my 5 star review if we're able to switch between user interfaces that properly function.	bug report
Good platform for game	irrelevant information
You have a problem in the signal application	bug report
this new interface is god awful on older phones constantly having to restart discord so the screen can be the correct resolution getting real pissy	bug report
Very handy	irrelevant information
Going ahead with removing SMS was a bad decision. The app is useless to me now. Have deleted my account.	feature request
I'm so confused. I paid for number so I could get confirmation #'s. But, im still not getting any. Can you please help. Thank you	bug report
i try to payment for purchase balance for pakistan but again and again msg some thing went wrong. very very bad service not any proper support to solve issue. kindly check and help my id is owais.aslam1	bug report
Useful 2nd number for work	irrelevant information
New UI is terrible not because of how it looks or the move of dms to the bottom but because of the bugs and sluggishness	bug report
Some times the adds pop up in the middle of people trying to call an i miss the call which is frustrating an i cant get voicemails which sucks but on the other hand calling itself is good an so is texting it always gives me notifications which is nice but i dont like that u cant send pictures to people otherwise love the app maybe do a update	feature request
Began adding lots of superficial features such as stickers and 'story time' that I find useless, and with the announcement that they'll be dropping SMS support I no longer see the point of Signal for the average user. Barely anyone in my contacts list uses the app so it's not worth keeping as an encrypted messenger. On exporting messages to a new app I chose to delete the SMS from Signal, leaving me with 3 'conversations' (one of which was Signal advertising new features). That says it all.	feature request
I quite like it, I doesn't usually lag and I usually meet friendly people on there.	irrelevant information
Please let us turn off the donation requests. I'll donate if I want to. This annoying reminder just makes it less likely for me to donate.	feature request
Cant even properly verify my number, the country code keeps changing to +1 everytime it tries to send verification	bug report
I'm extremely displeased with the latest update. It's changed everything I like about the app. What is even the point?????	feature request
Don't waste time. The minute you get a text, you can't read it till you upgrade. Deleted, so STUPID. You came here to give a vague stupid answer to my review knowing that I won't be allowed to reply to it. No this has nothing to do with being verified. It happens right after the verification has completed the minute a text arrives. So those of you who don't like their times wasted, stay away for your own good	bug report
It sucks it wont even let me make a call and i have done everything	bug report
Does everything I expect a messenger app to do, thanks for keeping privacy free	irrelevant information
I used to have a great time with the mobile app, but recently there's been formatting issues where all of the popup bars for Server Settings or when you click on someone's profile is very thin and off-resolution. Not sure what the deal is but it makes a solid half of the app unusable.	bug report
It's great phone ,good quality	irrelevant information
App used to work fine. Now it locks up my phone, opens by itself, keeps freezing up when it will open. Using text now instead and works like a pro. 👌	bug report
The subscription process is quite misleading. Unsubscribing is very difficult.	bug report
Can't attach large files...but otherwise a good application for messaging.	feature request
This is very nice app for gaming and chating	irrelevant information
It keeps kicking me out of my account it keeps saying error code whan I try to login can fix it	bug report
Am new to this app but it's user friendly.	irrelevant information
Nice app for gaming	irrelevant information
Great app overall, but heres one problem, most of the time someone's camera in calls never loads in and it would often say "internet unstable".	bug report
I've had to remake my account 3x because it keeps being deleted. I haven't requested it be deleted but keeping getting emails that indicate otherwise. Supports solution? Remake the account. Again and again and again... if you don't need this for work, use ANY other messaging app.	bug report
serious thumb calisthenics to move that floating window around so I can see	irrelevant information
Straight	bug report
New layout sucks. Such a pain to see user list and get to DMs now.	feature request
Taking out its SMS message access will remove most of Signal's usefulness.	feature request
notifications. However I needed to make a call while on holidays and bought	irrelevant information
Would be nice if there was room with the ads to text much. In the play store the ad shows a more chat usable thing. It's not 2 little lines between 2 large ads... Not cool!	feature request
Every time I enter my area code it says error occurred try again later. I even turned off my location and uninstalled it and it's still not working. I don't know what to do	bug report
I can talk with my friends	irrelevant information
Very flaky app. Stops giving real time notifications and have to reinstall every few weeks	bug report
Can't block the other person in the chats, & it should remove contact also	feature request
Cant get a number in nevada apparently. App to me seems completely fake, probably just an app to steal info.	bug report
Zero complaints on my end. Time will tell, so far so good..	irrelevant information
Not an app I prefer to use being bad reception seems to be a problem no matter what	bug report
Verify pin not working, no sms from the app.	bug report
Very nice app and fast speed using.	irrelevant information
i rarely get notifications and my videos and pictures dont ever upload.	bug report
Has some minor errors but overall very satisfied	irrelevant information
It flickers non stop and wont let me text or call without having to pull a magic trick out my hat to hopefully get it to work	bug report
manually enter everyone's phone number. Annoying, but still usable. What	irrelevant information
Layout - I don't like the update. EDIT - you still refuse to listen to your audience with the change of UI. 1-star forever. If I didn't like the PC application so much I'd stop using this.	feature request
Whats up with Signal doing away with the sms function for encryption only?!? The beauty of this app is that you have both encryption and can use the functionality of sms for those that dont have signal so I can use it as my main messaging app. Soon to lose the sms function is a big downer for the app in general. Listen to your users and don't get rid of the sms function!	feature request
TextNow has hijacked my accounts by requiring a fee to get your two party verification codes. I used it as a back up for iphone now I'm locked out. This is extortion.	bug report
No longer supports SMS 👎	bug report
i found a new bug in that the 3 dots is not their on my new s4 active so i got to ininstall and re install when i want to log off or on and their is no settings either	bug report
Discord learned NOTHING about Skype when it died, forcing updates users don't want will alienate them.	bug report
Best private messaging ever, I live it's mission, I wish this app the best	irrelevant information
I'm pissed cause I put money on my text now number to speak with my wife whole she locked and yall don't except collect call so i need my money off your number so that i may put the money on another phone number so I can speak with my wife	bug report
The updated UI interface is incredibly frustrating! once I launch the app, it gets stuck loading indefinitely. Despite not making any changes, I had no choice but to uninstall due to the persistent loading issue. After reinstalling, logging in remains impossible as it continues to be stuck in the loading phase.	bug report
Previous version have option to delete which i send files by mistake which i didnt find in new version.. i would like to reupdate this app and give that option to delete files like images etc which i send to other person	feature request
Bought a credit, not working the app is crashing and asking to buy credit again	bug report
Best app I've found so far to use when my phone was out of mins	irrelevant information
I love it. Sadly, after the update I can't upload ANY pics 😢 And I've restarted my phone - no luck.	bug report
The app is great for text messages and that's it.  Incoming calls your mic gets cut off minutes into the call.	bug report
I use signal everyday but will now have to remove it from my phone. I use this app for both my regular sms and encrypted messaging but now its loosing the sms ability and thus will loose me as a user. I wish i didn't have to find a new app for my texting and encrypted messaging. I cant get all my contacts to use signal and im not going to have 2 seperate texting apps.	feature request
Good app to have if u have bo service	irrelevant information
works great when my phone runs out of service but it would be nice if I could connect my phone number to the account so people know who I am and I don't have to explain why I'm using a new number if it weren't for that it would be 5 stars but until then I am only giving 3	feature request
It's nice and all but I got a few things u GOT to no alright let get it , so first off ads pop out so much and I get random numbers and it's glitchy and slow and the calls they barely here me and the text sometimes don't if send IMEDIATELY so if ur haveing to agree with me ty cus PLS FIX THIS in losing my mind with these ads omgosh	bug report
Since the update I've had nothing but problems. I belong to two servers and they are intermingling with each other. I'm having to force the app to stop several times a day. Dislike the new layout, search function for something on a particular subject e.g searching on a word now seems to be null and void. Also not being able to see who's on line with a quick swipe of the screen is annoying and extremely time consuming. Please revert back to version before the update!	bug report
Wont stay running..	bug report
Always freezes sometimes don't get messages want work half the time and call quality is absolutely horrific.	bug report
The new swipe to reply update wasn't and never was needed in the first place and the fact it replaced a useful feature is just a huge step back. I now have to drag my thumb to the top right corner of my screen to press the members button to see who is active, instead of a simple swipe left gesture. Please revert this silly update.	feature request
It's a great app but every since I updated I haven't been able to see or use my emoji	bug report
I don't know but text now is so much better	irrelevant information
I use this app on an Android to communicate with my son's baseball team but couldn't find any visual notification option and was missing lots of important messages. There's no way to tell if you have a new message unless you open the app and check. I'm guessing the iOS version has these options. So, instead of using the app I just forward all messages to SMS that way I don't miss anything.	feature request
Tf is this new iu	irrelevant information
Better than any other message app	irrelevant information
This app is such a nightmare!	bug report
Very good but i think that there are improvements to protective measures thar need to be made, also why are the english and welsh flags emojis but not the norther irish or the welsh? The welsh have a dragon on theirs and it's epic.	feature request
Easy calls,	irrelevant information
that TextFree can't send to short code#'s, only phone numbers, if that	feature request
Love the encryption but backup is miserable... upon reinstalling the app, it could be a challenge to restore backups	feature request
You Should Do Something With Having Someone Send A Picture To The Email Thing Cause Most Of The Time Its Complicated. At The Moment Its Not Working ? But It Works Really Good I Wish You Didn't Need Internet For It But Anyway. Updates???	feature request
I tried to create a new account and everything is smooth. Until, when I tried to verify myself that I'm not a Robot, it's saying that I need to verify myself. The irritating part is, I tried it for 10 times? The bad thing, it is in the loop. I'm disappointed.	bug report
This app works on iPad it awesome	irrelevant information
For the past month my incoming texts havent popped up! Ever since the one update. Now i have to go in the app and keep refreshing it to get incoming texts. It has been a great app up untill this last month!	bug report
Easy a secure.	irrelevant information
It's really a joy to have privacy	irrelevant information
Pretty good 🤠	irrelevant information
Its constantly getting stuck and all calls are ended and its freezing all the stupid time that if this happens again I will uninstall this app and take my happiness somewhere where it can be used but this app did not satisfy me at all so it will need more work!	bug report
Please fix AMOLED mode not working	bug report
No setting to Block unknown number.	feature request
Textnow the best ever	irrelevant information
Great app for people without data plans, needs improvements. I enjoy using this app however i am confused as i have been paying yearly for about 3 years to have the same number and to be ad free, however using the same number i am paying for on a new device i am bombarded with ads. I still have the same number but now have ads again which confuses me on what i am paying for?.	feature request
I've been using this for 2 years now. It's good for the price (free) but I'd never pay for it. There are way too many issues. Often, it'll hanf when I try to call. Currently, when someone sends me a text, I'll receive it but but it won't put it in order in text list.	bug report
to show notifications. I have checked my settings both in the app and on my	feature request
I couldn't able to see others lastseen	bug report
It's really slow and hanging when comparing with other competitors.	bug report
Please add personal pin message	feature request
ANG PANGET NG UPDATE NIYO! AWIT!	bug report
it works Very very well i have no issues with it , i Just love it Thank you .	irrelevant information
The new UI is not only painful and awkward, but the latest update seems to have broken so many things. I can't properly see the tabs at the bottom of the screen half the time, and trying to share an image from another app barely works without completely restarting discord.	bug report
1) Calls are clear but always on a speaker w/o the "speaker" mode selected = no privacy in public. 2) Lags/Loads slowly. 3) Ads make the keyboard lag/disappear when ad changes.(keyboard keys freeze/lag when typing during video ads/ad changes) 4) App freezes if left in background/when brought up from background screen stays black for a while. **other than those issues - I'm enjoying the simplicity of the app plus it's free w/o paying a fee**	bug report
I have the text now sim and data and voice work great	irrelevant information
use it every other day	irrelevant information
4 star rating so far, just installed today. If I believe it deserves more after I have tested it. I'll gladly change it to a 5 star rating.	irrelevant information
Would be 5 star but the newest update makes everything so garbage. Update: there has been updates since that have not fixed any issues. The lack of notifications may be something else I'm not sure, but the UI is still terrible. If you are not going back, have an option to change the look to the old way PLEASE. It's not like this on pc. Why is mobile so annoying for no reason?!??!! ALSO I discovered a new issue of images not loading ever! And dms don't match the theme I have anymore (Chroma Glow)	feature request
I need a translator between English to Spanish and vice versa. I use the app to communicate to my crew and we have 7 guys that only speak Spanish.	feature request
Changing from 3 stars to 2. It's very spotty on what texts it will or will not receive, phone calls are the same way.	bug report
The calling is usually quite good, but the messaging features have lots of glitches.	bug report
It's all right	irrelevant information
not bad for free	irrelevant information
Please change tha app logo and app name Because it's look like not brand name So please put the Band name	feature request
Excellent.....audibility good clear picture	irrelevant information
Easy Navigation and communication	irrelevant information
With each update Things get worse. Now Im not even able to get into a call because the resolution just gets bugged out and the get in the call just Góes out of my screen.	bug report
I paid for the service and it doesn't work	bug report
Its not letting me download it just stops at 80% and it freezes	bug report
Not a fan of the complicated new layout and images fail when I try to send them	feature request
The updates I don't really care about but are pretty cool it's just on android the discord app is so laggy, for no reason I don't even know what the problem is but it's always on discord, everything else runs smoothly but discord.	feature request
fine only	irrelevant information
I love love text free 💕	irrelevant information
This app is for real and i got it right the first time i installed a phone app on my tablet. Not only that, it works all the way across 2 tablets and a phone. One number for importance and priorities and one for fun and friends. You could even use it to get rid of persistent needy people who dont give up on trying to get your phone number. Or blowin up your phone 24/7 LOL. I'm sure some can relate atleast ! I reccomemd the 1.99 sim card. Not for ads, for # preservation. Ads dnt go away like said	irrelevant information
Every since the update it's been incredibly difficult to use the mobile app. The layout is unintuitive and difficult to navigate. You can't easily swipe to see who's online, and to search for anything you have to find it hidden behind multiple other buttons. Additionally, ever since the update, my app keeps crashing and when it's not, I'm having to manually reset it because it's displaying incorrectly or not showing what I've sent, resulting in me accidentally spamming.	bug report
It's decent, just don't log out your account because it won't let you log back in and will tell you your account has never been created	bug report
Breaks up	bug report
I hope it will be easyier for me to.sign in	feature request
Disappearing messages lately. Since the last update messages I send goes away right after I send them. I've lost several hours of conversation sent from phone, not showing up on pc app or phone app. Today I restarted the app again to see what I wrote today come back, but all from yesterday is still gone.	bug report
This app is okay, except for the fact that they disabled the ability to call 911 and that I had to manually set up my notifications. And also my rating disappeared when I came back to edit. That is some sketchy stuff.	bug report
Blocked for TOS after signing up without telling me why!	bug report
Rollback to 205.15 for a better experience	bug report
Updated to this new version and promptly uninstalled it, thank goodness I had a backup of the previous version. Full of Microsoft nagware. It now insist on invasion of privacy, it wants to import my phone's contact list !! Bullship.	bug report
It's nice, I enjoy it and all, but the nitro thing is kinda stupid.	feature request
since the recent update that removed the emojis...it's been downhill ever since.... bring those back....	feature request
Used to work fine, but the latest update stuck my phone (Samsung Galaxy A11) in headphone mode. I had to remove the app from my Android phone to get the phone speaker to work.	bug report
It's Great! :)	irrelevant information
It's reliable doesn't lag too much	irrelevant information
Frequently crashes and is ultimately causing my battery to drain faster	bug report
It works for about a week then I can't answer any call	bug report
I've used Signal for years and it's been great. I've been about to send end-to-end encrypted messages with a traditional SMS fallback for people not using the app. With their recent changes to Signal they're removing the ability to send standard SMS through their app, sighting that having any insecure messaging fallback isn't what they're focused on. The expectation is to get everyone on secure messages, that's just not feasible and neither is using two messenger apps. Extremely disappointed	feature request
I get no notifications anymore for this app so I miss important info in my chats 😔 terrible	bug report
i can't get this to Ring	bug report
good for multiple group messaging	irrelevant information
Have used Signal for a few years for SMS and occasional protected chat. The announcement of not supporting SMS prior to release of a working import/export function is a poor decision. 0 stars if possible. No point to using this app any more. What a waste of potential	feature request
Very private	irrelevant information
Too much porn being sent to me by minors	irrelevant information
idk bro overall discord mobile is just junk cuz too much bugs	bug report
App is good going calls and not working for messages	bug report
I've been using TN off/on just shy of 6 yrs;Ed, but it's continuing to get worse. consistently, for 3 yrs. now. I started out rating 3 stars, up to 4/5. I've delayed rating 3 for months now, but this past 2 weeks Ive run out of patience. I'm rating a 3 for 5 years of near flawless service and staying (mostly) free. TN enabled me to stretch my income further, keep my job, continue with new business, continue with school online, stay in touch with my kids and family when apart.	bug report
I have used this app for years and thought it was a good thing. However, I recently encountered that they have been double charging me and charging me as if it were a regular cellphone. I could have paid for service with the amount of money you charged me for something that was supposed to be FREE.	bug report
new UI update ruined the appearance settings and makes incovenient changes for no reason. i dont know why they even updated it because theres no good features added.	feature request
App is good for what it says ...everyone you message will get a hefty bill ..	irrelevant information
well otherwise.	irrelevant information
If not for the exaggerated fees for having a dedicated phone number this would have easily been a four star rating.	feature request
I would give 5 stars if you could call as many ppl as you want as many times as you want, but you only get a limited amount of time and then you have to buy credits.	feature request
Today in June Discord Has been Acting up Due to a glitched Were your Text cant upload fast even if i have good Wifi And It Literally Repeats my Text 2 times Even When i Texted one time Can you guys Fixed the Issue?	bug report
Great start, but it doesn't seem to work with wifi on and it insist on using my cell number. Make the messages come from my GV number!	bug report
Honestly just terrible from the start. This app was not allowing me to sign up to begin with after trying multiple times. Very dissapointed.	bug report
As far I would like to give 5 star	irrelevant information
It's taking forever to deliver and receive messages! And fix the quality of the videos. I should be able to send a video a couple of minutes long without a problem!	bug report
its good my mobile and pc can handle it there no lag nor bugs in mine	irrelevant information
The new UI sucks and cause bloat.	feature request
Since Microsoft bought Skype, you turned it into a steaming heap of utter trash. Please revert it back to the version it was before you ruined it and then don't touch it again.	feature request
Genuinely a good app however these updates keep bringing different bugs. This time discord is suddenly having connectivity issues from time to time even though my internet connection is just fine. It keeps saying "connecting" on the top and it doesn't go away. Reopening/refreshing the app doesn't do anything to. This is the 4th time this has happend now since the latest update.	bug report
only thing that works is the texts  I've called multiple people and each time the person says they can't hear me while I can hear them clearly. for the first few seconds of the call we can hear eachothet then in afterwards they cant hear me. Ive been using this app for years. Please fix	bug report
This is such a scam. Twice so far I was charged and not provided with the service. Then I had to go and buy more credits. I know I continue to use the app. However, life is not fair. This is the only solution I habe now to speak with my mom after the passing of my father and cousin. I am still in mourning and have not had time to look for better options. So for now you can continue you take my money until I settle and will never have to use this service again.	bug report
This stupid app DELETED ALL MY CONTACTS except for one, and it deleted all the texts on that one. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS!!	bug report
Good, but calls are iffy. Texting is 100% thoughl	bug report
Just what I was looking for, I do wish we could receive messages without paying though	feature request
Need more stickers	feature request
Notifications stink sometimes messages won't be sent.	bug report
Man the new set up absolutely sucks, and Everytime you call someone it crashes constantly!!	bug report
It crashes a lot sometimes i  receive messages a day late or not at all	bug report
Hate this app. I guess it's fine for it's purpose. But got damn.	irrelevant information
I can't get to see my group messages from soccer coach	bug report
Scammmmmmm!!!!  It drops every other call!  Very disappointed!!!	bug report
Removing all sms capabilities, and does not allow you to export signal messages to other apps. And when exporting sms/mms messages, it messes up the process and corrupts group messages. Considering how this has ruined all of my conversations between my friends, I doubt this app is as secure and functional as it claims to be.	bug report
I actually don't mind the UI changes, but did you really have to break the mobile app to do so? Servers go haywire, random things disconnect, sometimes I straight up cannot change channels without exiting the app and removing it from the cache before reentering, and 5 times now I've accidentally spammed because of a connection issue that shoved out 5-10 copies of one of my messages	bug report
I can't type in the verification code	bug report
Worked fine. Then stopped receiving messages. Very annoying	bug report
once sent message. my phones original message received the text first took about 10 mins on textfree app to get text	bug report
wouldn't work for chromebook	bug report
Like everyone else I'm not getting notifications. I have a Samsung galaxy S9+, all of my settings are correct, and both phone and app are up to date.	bug report
I think it's ridiculous that I can't update my profile image unless I pay for your stupid app 🙄	feature request
Good but when we record it shouldn't be seen by other people	feature request
Can I send text and picture out of the country	feature request
First time using this App service and I'm pretty impressed to say the least	irrelevant information
Nice place to have a conversation	irrelevant information
It says you can text and call for free but that is FALSE ADVERTISEMENT because you have to BUY MINUTES.	bug report
Loved signal, but dropping SMS is a mistake. All you needed was it disabled by default and the user toggles it on if they accept SMS is not secure. Well, goodbye signal until SMS is restored.	bug report
works awful, can't synch my contacts, lot of messages don't get, some chasts suddenly desapear. Have to be constantly checking in the web. Please but really please make an update or whoteher is necessary. I'm forced to use the app for work reasons but it'll be great if you could fix this anoying problems	bug report
Hate the new version. Just put back to the old version plsssssss	bug report
DISCORD LOADING AND CONNECTING ISSUE PLEASE FIX IT...	bug report
Works pretty well, but the group avatar and name will NEVER update. For some reason, many of the chats I'm in still show the same picture from months ago, even when I clearly see it change in chat. Also, some people just won't show up in the full list, even though they're in the chat	bug report
This app are so awesome. And I talk with my frinds and chat . Only this app I like more than other app	irrelevant information
The yearly subscription to lock in number was taken off and now they want about $60 a year with the 4.99 a month to lock in number. This is too expensive, it would be better to just get a regular service with Tello , no app no adds.	feature request
Very secured 🔐	irrelevant information
I'm not sure how this managed to happen but the chats have a tendency to break and lag. If I switch from one server to another, the previous server's messages will still show up no matter where I go. Not to mention the lag that can happen when typing where it'll break your phone keyboard for a solid twenty seconds and not pull it back up. Don't even get me started on the changes to usernames that's gonna be implemented eventually. The current username system is working perfectly fine.	bug report
It's OK, but frustrating that updates to the Windows PC app, and Android reinstallations after change of device, lose chat history, so not as seamless as WhatsApp.	feature request
It never give you minutes when you watch a video everything else is goo	bug report
Don't know yet	feature request
not good and not connect	bug report
Hello and nice work. It's been months I can't send any medias: pics, vids, voices in discord I've waited long to see if it fixes but still my wait is unanswered... A great app but now my access is limited so much	bug report
I love it cuz I can finally communicate with my friends	irrelevant information
Mostly good, but the app will simply.not update messages for significant periods of time, and only rarely pushes notifications, making consistent use really difficult.	bug report
This app is cool but sometimes ridiculous like...why nitro basic. i know its cheap but the important features which were usefull are now gone ( could have given 3 types of plan )	feature request
I've been using this app for a second line	irrelevant information
App is not updating. No access	bug report
Okay group messaging, but missing some key features. You can mute, but it doesn't allow you to set a time limit like whatapp and other apps with a group message. Also, you should be able to edit your messages. Would definitely be 5 star if it had these features.	feature request
I subscribed and it hasn't been 24hrs and I keep getting a fleeting message that my purchase was not able to be processed. Apparently it has been processed because my TextNow profile shows I am an active member. I'm confused.	bug report
Only got one call to connect.. always says connecting..	bug report
Slow response sometimes not good call quality Drop calls	bug report
I could never choose a number tried a bunch of codes and nothing	bug report
Dont install thi app it wasnt working for me	irrelevant information
android version doesnt work, avoid updating if at all possible. old features that were free are now behind a paywall	bug report
Giving a star only cause they closed login for old tablets without reason.	bug report
Needs better translator on video calls, like it needs a lot of work guys, please address this.	feature request
The new layout is so ugly. Some colors are pretty & I like the swipe to reply, but it looks like Instagram's twice divorced aunt Martha (Sorry to any aunt Martha's out there). I hate that you can see the most recent message, I have to scroll & tap multiple things to see one's status, & I have to press multiple things to edit voice settings in Vc's. I don't want an Instagram cube when I'm on a call with friends, I want full screen cameras. I would've given it 5 stars before this update.	feature request
Hell I cant make a call sucks	bug report
works great for what it is meant for	irrelevant information
How to use this App in Pakistan	irrelevant information
Been using the app for a good few years now with no issue, but after recent updates, I can no longer switch between servers easily. I tried reinstalling and restarting to no avail. Kinda sucks after having used it for so long, I'm screwed out of using discord mobile to its fullest because of an issue like this.	bug report
Have been using this for a long time now and it was great in the beginning, but the recent updates have made Groupme buggy and slow. Trying to do too much perhaps? Group messages don't show up unless I manually refresh, keyboard input is laggy and responses are slow to show up. update its only gotten slower with every new version. why?	bug report
I recommend you use this app	irrelevant information
its an amazing app but it just has wayyy toooo many little updates on the app. Im on chrome and it takes a long time to update it. Please try to limit your updates unless its something big or some bug fixes.	feature request
Links get expired too quick which sometimes can be frustrating	feature request
Amazing chat service. Beautiful layout, simple and easy to understand, just the best thing ever. Edit: I edited from 5 to 2 stars with the new layout changes, it's hard to navigate, the new dark mode is hard on the eyes, it's not intuitive, really just pretty bad. Please let us go back if we choose to.	feature request
Account locked for no reason	bug report
I don't know how to say this but don't quit your day job unless this is your day job then get better or get lost	irrelevant information
Never rings but sometimes all it does is show missed calls without ringing can't play voicemail s at all. Takes forever to load. Needs much improvement	bug report
So far so good. Not used it for long yet. But it meets up with my expectations	irrelevant information
One of the Good and secured app! Keep going on! Thanks God bless you all!	irrelevant information
Skype is a great app for group video calls and meetings but sometimes when i try to talk by unmute my microphone someone mutes me and i don't know how is doing it. Which annoys me. I'm a student and my mic works properly in regular talks but while asking doubts or giving answers someone mutes me. I think only admin should be allowed to mute someone. And so i am rating this app 3 stars.	feature request
If it had audio chat it Would-be that much better	feature request
So I was entering my stuff and then I was done and it said the internet was not working I went to settings and it said the internet connection was  excellent so I recommend you not using this app if you read all the vote for Stuff	bug report
App used to be good. Lately getting a lot of trouble to make calls to landlines. It doesn't connect properly, either one end or the other can't hear each other.	bug report
Their cookie cutter reply coheresed me into rewording my review. This app is stone age trash. Get Google Voice. You get a 100% free lifetime local number (I've had the same number for over 5 years) the ability to place calls or txt via the GV app or on your PC. People you block get a recording telling them your number has been disconnected You can even call Canada or Mexico for free. There are so many options it makes these devs look like amateurs. And the best part, "ITS TOTALLY AD FREE!!!"	bug report
it's a great app I'd give it 5 stars but I feel like the calling can be a lil better it. I usually mess up often from losing signal and my wifi be fine.	feature request
This is an ok app. But I cannot use my nitro credits without having to spend money. It sucks. The new app is a bit glichy but all n all its ok.	feature request
What's app is cooler	irrelevant information
Work well enough.	irrelevant information
Our family enjoy reaching out to each other on group me. We are a large family spread out across the US....	irrelevant information
I just love you interact with your love ones all the time	irrelevant information
its ok to texted from but making calls it isn't good for calls you can't talk on there	bug report
How is it posible? My supervisor app doesn't connect on a 4g/LTE network on my galaxy s6 unless I drop my network mode to WCMA.	bug report
I have a love hate thing for this app because I love the free calls and texting but I hate so bad that I can never get back into my call if I leave the call to do something else on my phone I can never seem to get back to the call that I'm on!! It is very very annoying when it comes time to hang up because you can't end the call! ....NOBODY CAN HERE ME ON A CALL! :/	bug report
When I get text they show up at the top of my screen but not in the conversation	bug report
Poor connection great for secon number	irrelevant information
it is very good. i enjoy using skype all the time	irrelevant information
Nice and good 👍	irrelevant information
This is not a good app . It's not working properly	bug report
dont always work either	bug report
Decent for texts, but it does miss a lot of messages and have problems loading them and as for calls just forget it they can't hear you at all.	bug report
good function reliable	irrelevant information
Perfect, easy to use & keeps everyone in the loop!!!	irrelevant information
Everything works as it should and you can send pics	irrelevant information
Seems ok, but a fake person had me use it so the jury is out.	irrelevant information
I gave it 2 stars because there are times when i either have data connection or wi-fi but it says im not connected. Update please i would hate to not be able to enjoy this app	bug report
The user interface is not intuitive, but it's better than having your face saved in the name of AI. Good app to use if you care about your privacy.	irrelevant information
Works great except that when I make an outgoing call there is no sound.	bug report
The new UI is horrid, that's pretty much all I have to say.	feature request
I have only used it for 2 weeks. I appreciate being able to keep in touch with our group. Thanks!	irrelevant information
The app is very useful but there's a bug I guess, when I'm on voice and talking with my friends it's suddenly become quiet, and I can't hear my friends talk too, can u please fix the bug, I already uninstalled it 3 times and still the same	bug report
Interesting app	irrelevant information
When it works it is great. Consistency in connection has improved	irrelevant information
Stop going split screen all the time when I never asked you, especially when you break every time it happens 😡	bug report
I was really looking forward to sending videos but the will absolutely not go through. Maybe the file is too large idk but it won't work for me.	bug report
Having SMS support for messaging users without signal (99% of my contacts) was a huge benefit. I'm uninstalling the app for good now that I can't use the app for 99% of my needs	feature request
I was signing in and as I was signing my account gets disabled and I read the email and it says I was spamming messages honestly 🙄	bug report
This app is not working well at all. I'd say 90% of the time I don't get a notification for new messages. Also, the groups don't really function properly. I can't view new messages when it says I have them.	bug report
shows up every time you leave the app while skyping someone. Even if I turn	bug report
It was all tha way kool, until a kouple daya ago. Ive been missing text like krazy. I have to go into the app and reload tha skreen for any missed text to kome thru. Its rather annoying	bug report
App was good. Recent update broke alot of things and feels suuuuuper clunky now.	bug report
i cant open my camera and my friends cant hear me	bug report
Takes up too much space,it literally took a whole GB by itself and half the time it didn't tell me when I had notifications	bug report
Very easy to navigate. Group me is a very convenient way to communicate with my coworkers!	irrelevant information
I have  to pay to call but overall it is good	irrelevant information
Lags to much	bug report
I've been a pinger user for 5 years. The latest update with full screen ads after every text is TOO MUCH. Do you really think I will get excited about anything in that advertising when I'm in the middle of a conversation. Fix this! Or I am moving on with a new number somewhere else. UPDATE. Latest update disabled the back button on your phone so they can try and force the advertisement down your throat. Fastest way to exit is home button, clear recently used app and then relaunch. 0 stars	bug report
I like for being the first time to use it.	irrelevant information
New ui trash	feature request
The app is very easy to use and is very helpful fir someone like me that needed a second line for my business	irrelevant information
Was great till I ask for a refund.	irrelevant information
It's good, no introduction needed.	irrelevant information
We have used it for years and love it as a large family!	irrelevant information
This works very well for our Football Boosters	irrelevant information
Not letting get past the area code number creation screen	bug report
it always tells me you have no network when I clearly do	bug report
i  wish if you add clear-coversation feature .. its important for me and others .	feature request
Voice-mail recording sounds like a fake number.	bug report
Good everything that I have been asking for thank you very much for helping me out with this I needed this tablet very bad because the last one that I had only have 42 days and shattered I need the man that gave me this tablet that I am using now to talk to hlm was a very nice of him couldn't have asked for anything better man that that gives these tablets mind paying he's the best greatest ever man deserves a keep letting him sell them he's really nice clearly the best he ran out of phones and	feature request
Crashes when uploading a video. OnePlus 5t	bug report
Great chat app. Better than most.	irrelevant information
Theyre getting rid of SMS support. So you either have to harass all of your contacts to try and join signal or just not be able to text over 90% of them. This will render the app useless for most people	feature request
I was really nice experience but there is this bug that DELETED MY ACCOUNT WHICH MADE ME MAD AND ALL MY FRIENDS ON DISCORD GOT DELETED SO 2/5	bug report
My discord keyboard is glitchig out and it's impossible to type what should I do?	bug report
sometimes I can't hear the voice of the person speaking other than that its a great application for many people to connect uninterruptedly.	bug report
This used to be the perfect all-in-one messaging app. When in late 2022 the Signal Foundation decided to remove standard SMS support, I was forced to find a new messaging app. This decision disappoints me, and I hope the Signal Foundation changes their mind. Updated down to two stars because Signal is wasting their labor on a "Stories" feature that I can't stand. If I wanted TikTok, I'd be on TikTok.	feature request
I touch myself to taco bell commercials	irrelevant information
New updates drains battery so quick!! When you do a video call and type at z same time..your typing just freezed!! Old Skype is best compared to zis new Skype!!!	bug report
Cool but too many ad	irrelevant information
It's a good app, but the new UI is garbage.	feature request
I've used Discord for years now and have never had problems with it till now. It'll kick me from calls at random and will mess up my mic audio for no reason. I guess I can't do any more sleep or long hour calls with friends anymore -_- I liked old Discord much better, it shouldn't have been changed	bug report
Good app. The only annoying part is when I make a call I have to disconnect from internet or go to setting a force stop app because the hang up button does not work.	bug report
Dropping my 5 star review because every update makes this app worse and worse. Please, please stop pushing updates when your app was already incredible and user friendly. Please bring back the option to see who is online on the server at a glance without navigating to a new page. Please bring back the button to pull pinned messages on the main DM page; replacing it with the 'call' button on DMs isn't worth it as voice activity is more for voice channels in servers.	feature request
Updates continue to worsen user experience. New UI requires more taps to do less and no longer mirrors desktop experience. It's harder to search, view pins, and use DM's alongside servers.	feature request
Does not save photos you send or receive	bug report
They many problems in voice	bug report
I COULDNT CALL ANY 1 NOR RECEIVE ANY CALLS WHILE USING THIS APP!!!! THEN THEY WANTED ME TO PAY $4.99. FOR WHAT I KNOW IT WASNT GOING TO IMPROVE IF I GOT A TASTE OF WHAT THE FREE APP DOES!!!!	bug report
Was happy, was really handy to be able to manage signal and SMS users in the same place but as they dropped SMS support no longer a useful app for me.	feature request
I like it its a very good app.	irrelevant information
I don't really use this app, but my dad uses it, and it seems fun, so...	irrelevant information
Decided to do that stupid thing corporations always do and wreck their UI, making the app borderline unusable.	feature request
Dum I hate it	irrelevant information
It's slow and a little annoying but otherwise I recommend	irrelevant information
Most recent update trashed the UI even more and broke images for many people, causing them to not load on mobile	bug report
I love how u can chat with ur friends:)	irrelevant information
the new update has made the app entirely unusable, not only does it have countless bugs and looks terrible. I can't even move channels via app anymore I HAVE to be desktop in order to moderate my own server. also the new "classic" look it has is just horrid I love desktop it looks good and is actually decent to use. the app is so buggy and hard to navigate. PLEASE bring back the last update instead of the horrible thing we are having to use now if you can even call it an update.	feature request
The old discord layout was considerably better and easier to use, the company's response to the change being "just get used to it" is also incredibly disappointing. This was an unnecessary change and if we don't tell them how we feel now they will continue to make changes we as the users don't agree with.	feature request
I've not been able to send pictures anymore and I don't know why...	bug report
Crashing 🏎️💥 🤯💥 Again 🥴🥴😔 for you 😔.	bug report
I prefer Telegram. I've recently discovered that it's CIA-connected app?	irrelevant information
Had to down my rating from 5 to 2. Used signal for years without issue. Recently, numerous bugs have been introduced to the application. Group messaging is horrible now. Messages disappear, especially if I am the one starting the group chat. Most Apple users can't receive videos or animations when I try to send them. Had to switch back to default Samsung messaging. Currently, signal only works well when the other person also has signal. Was not like this in the past...	bug report
There's been alot of child preds lately...But I give 2 stars because I talk to friends on Discord	irrelevant information
So handy on this cruise!!! Easy to navigate!!! 10 out of 10!!!!!	irrelevant information
It keeps our special group informed all together.	irrelevant information
Over all it's been more reliable and has exceptional security.	irrelevant information
Great app best end to end encrypted app. Need last Seen feature. Video call quality is not Good Call conference is not available. Edit:- best Messaging app. Privacy centric. If ur concern about privacy use signal only . Signal need little optimization in message delivering. Enhance video quality while audio quality is Good.	feature request
Thank u so much discord for fixing also I'm sad that I couldn't recover my old account but thx for fixing	bug report
I love using this app I'm very happy with it. Good work Signal..	irrelevant information
Please add the option to reverse updates I hate the dec 6 update it changed the entire ui and it looks awful. It's an good app I use it to talk to my friends but most of the updates are useless and only make the app harder to use.	feature request
Yet made any contacts. Will inform later.	irrelevant information
It will not ring when someone is calling me. It will eventually show up as a missed call. It won't let me receive messages either on time.	bug report
I am not getting location verification email pls help and replay	bug report
working pretty good so far thanks for it 😁	irrelevant information
I hate it i hate it I hate it so much. I have been trying for close to 3 hours to delete this stupid account, and it is a massive, complicated undertaking that their own customer service is entirely unable to figure out either. I just want to delete my account, why in god's name am I unable to do that unless I delete my ENTIRE MICROSOFT ACCOUNT?? Don't even bother, get a Discord or a Teamspeak account	bug report
Great for teachers/parents or coaches/parents communication	irrelevant information
Was a five-star app for SMS messages. Since they are dropping SMS support (not creating a new app), my family is dropping Signal. We already use Telegram for what Signal wants to be. Short-sighted business decision, IMHO.	feature request
Random people keep texting. It's an odd app, but it works so no complaints	irrelevant information
Solid app have no performance issues and would reccomend the app to everyone I know that needs a local number or even a number period nowadays for the most part we are all on a WIFI network about 95% of the time anyways so really you can use this as your default number and skip paying a phone bill!! I'm seriously thinking about doing that myself so I can save my wife and I 55 bucks a month!!	irrelevant information
Does a good job of making secure messaging easy while being vetted by well known cryptographers. However, the decision to drop sms support makes messaging a whole lot less convenient and makes it much more likely I'll mess up and use the wrong app. Oh, and they messed up the export of messages - all my group chats include me as a participant so all the chat threads are broken	feature request
I keep having to download and uninstall😑😑 please fix this!	bug report
Okay, but message length is too short and speed is capped with no option to customize it.	feature request
Gets the job done but there are so many bots, the notifications don't show, and I have to refresh the chats to get it to update. I prefer WhatsApp	bug report
Had a number need to look it up to use again on this phone	irrelevant information
Decent app but when you make calls the call quality is bad	bug report
Waste of time is not free	irrelevant information
Have had to use this app a few times myself but it should be availible even out of wifi areas	feature request
We'll I haven't used it yet.	irrelevant information
right on time! it's flat out clutch a!!!	irrelevant information
Very clear sound and video	irrelevant information
it works good but I echoes alot	bug report
It's......Ok	irrelevant information
Tubby q.	feature request
You have to pay 4.00 monthly not good	irrelevant information
The only problem is that i always get my messages really late	bug report
confuseing, other numbers calls me. But so far so good .	irrelevant information
I think it's a pretty cool site I love it	irrelevant information
At first it was working very good, now i have to force stop the app in order to make a call or receive calls. other wise it will just give me a notification "missed call" or if want to make a call it shows it's making the call but nothing happens and I cant hang up so again I have to force stop the app, some text dont come through at all or they come through 2 or more times in a row way after the person has text me. fix this bug please and I'll give it a 5 star, thank you.	bug report
I mean it gets the job done but it needs access to ur calendar to be able to add contacts?? I don't understand that I think it's stupid also way to many ads in my opinion!	feature request
Don't let me create account	bug report
I think I would rate it a 5 if when I share a video my friends and others could hear the video	feature request
You guys should at least have an option for us to be able to go back on the update JUST IN CASE something like this happen, with the Force Closing.	feature request
I am in for cove you have any questions about the same way about it and then we can do that again.	irrelevant information
Couldn't make a call or send any texts messages	bug report
Good when connected to wifi	irrelevant information
great service... very helpful	irrelevant information
its too much problem plz help me i m a teacher its too diffcult to conneting adding calls sharing screen ....	bug report
Terrible, full of ads and not really free if you want it to do anything.	irrelevant information
choppy calls	bug report
Rarely gives notifications. I joined a new group and it wasnt updating the members of the group for over a week	bug report
Searching gifs in discord is too slow and my internet speed is just fine , it takes too long to even scroll down gifs	bug report
It sucks along with the people who uses it	irrelevant information
have to have credits to use this app earned by watching videos and adds if you don't keep up with the number they reassign it unless you buy it for $5	bug report
Just getting to use it. It looks good. How can I send a attachment to the group?	feature request
This most recent update with the change to attaching files/images, whatever is the last straw. Sick of these idiotic changes to the UI for seemingly no reason except to drive away the user base. Also, taking away the ability to give advice in-app about recent updates is just another slap in the face. Been riddled with bugs for years too. Only been continuing to use it because my friends do, but I'm ready to turn back to just texting or maybe messenger even. Don't download this.	bug report
Totally Legit!	irrelevant information
Downloaded it and it loaded up just fine,but when it came to signing up it was still loading mode before u put in the area code number for like 2 hrs. So I'm going to uninstall this app to find another app that actually works.	bug report
The texting is awesome and on point but the calling is a problem, I cannot call or receive a call from anyone. Please fix	bug report
I can never find any of our group chats I only get them with messages	bug report
everytime i went to choose a number it said already taken	bug report
This is for the beta version It simply will not open.	bug report
Can you guys stop adding unecessary updates😭 I can't see my ongoing/pending friend requests anymore Which means i can't preview the profile of the person I'm adding	feature request
I got sent a message from group me trying get my credit card information for a "free iPhone 11." I'm personally appalled to see such a blatant scam practiced by any app but especially one as seemingly harmless as this.	irrelevant information
Now u can see muslim power 🤬😠	irrelevant information
Good group app	irrelevant information
It's good except, there are a lot of ads and sometimes I mis click and hit the ad instead of send or something. I know you need ads but can they not pop up randomly please. Overall good though.	feature request
They just announced they are removing SMS support. This was my primary message app, but that announcement is an inspiration to uninstall and find other options.	feature request
Like Whatsapp, but not from Meta.	irrelevant information
I swear every new update breaks things and makes things harder to do! Not only is the new UI ugly as sin and hard to get around in, but now images just won't show up no matter what i do! Changing wifi or hust turning it off, closing the app and reopening, hell i restarted my whole phone and still nothing! I can't even access discord support because I don't remember my password, but it refuses to send an email to me to change it!	bug report
Works well, notifications as expected and easy to use. Could use better attachment formatting.	feature request
Great for creating groups that you need to collaborate with. However this would receive 5 stars if there was an option for deleting messages and conversations instead of just hiding them.	feature request
Five star, but they're removing sms. Works for everything, never had an issue. You're removing a fantastic feature having sms in there too. Will be deleting once sms is gone.	feature request
great when u need help, can choose what area code u want n txt n call	feature request
I do not want just anyone to have My private information	feature request
New update broke the app completely	bug report
receive messages in text and through the app days later. junk. no point.	bug report
Still figuring it all out. So far, so good.	irrelevant information
Smooth and intuitive, and we love the voice recording, voice message feature.	irrelevant information
Ive had this for a while an its messes up alll the time I have to force cloce an cut my wifi off an then cut it back on, its getting old quick!	bug report
You have to pay for minutes.	irrelevant information
I have used this app with no issues for a couple years now, even putting some money in for extra call minutes. But recently the app has been using my microphone even when I have it closed. I don't like the idea of any app running silently in the background while listening. I have to edit permissions every call just to feel secure using the number I've kept for years. This needs to be changed.	bug report
It keeps crashing (mobile) once I enter the contacts/dm section.	bug report
I love this app!!!!!!	irrelevant information
Good but not best	irrelevant information
Worthless	irrelevant information
Usually an awesome app but for the past few days it has been unresponsive and I can't open it nor update it. Please fix this.	bug report
New user interface is so unnecessarily confusing and clunky. Multiple buttons have been hidden and take many taps to get to now. I don't understand why this was seen as a better user interface.	feature request
it's been very buggy lately. if I want to make an avatar change, it wont run in the background, meaning it restarts every time I select an avatar. it won't run in the background regardless, even if I go off the app for 3 seconds, and the conversations dont load, and stick to every channel. and the new beta themes dont allow for black role colors to be visible anymore.	bug report
Why is every number Nigerian?	irrelevant information
toady live this secret keeping discreet text app for communication. .it's really good thanks so much 10/5 stars four thumbs s up	irrelevant information
Please improve you system 🙂	irrelevant information
It is ok. You cannot send multiple file attachments & you cannot star or lock messages to prevent them from being g deleted. I like regular SMS better.	bug report
Please give the option for the previous UI, this is just terrible, still not used to it	feature request
When you make an account you have to have a facebook account	irrelevant information
Audio on call is bad and glitchy, and the search function for chat is not working.	bug report
Cuts off your phone calls to play ads	bug report
Turn it back on. Thank you	irrelevant information
Every girl Is it working though And they want money a Upfront for sex And they're all very pushy to the point they get you mad. And I'm pretty sure most were fake Cause when they send pictures I'll send pictures of a different girl trying to be say that's it's them Yo OK	irrelevant information
The app was great up until recently, but now it won't let me swap between different groups/chats	bug report
I used to send text messages using Skype credit to my sister's mobile	irrelevant information
This app is horrible and a waste of money! DO NOT GET THIS APP, I REPEAT, DO NOT GET THIS APP! Get Google Voice or Text if you want a decent service because you'll get played when it comes to business calls.	bug report
You should have the option to allow all contacts in your phone to be notified. I will be uninstalling once I finish this meeting.	feature request
It only made selected phone call to not all like it's supposed to.	bug report
The reason why I gave it three stars is because I was trying to verify my phone number, but it wouldn't let me as it said an existing account is already using this number when I deleted the existing account. Discord, if you could fix the issue, please do so because I might actually pop veins for not verifying when there's still one existing account even though there's not.	bug report
I recommend because it is easy to connect and talk to any body you need. And also to show him and chat with him for business and other thinks ,and video call too, and receive any information you need you can contact allover the world at any time you need .and contact your family you are are aboard ,i hear that many people use to talk with skype ,there for I recommend to all friends to join us in skype .and high recommended to the people whom the travel a lot and need to contact their family and be happy for that	irrelevant information
It keeps disconnecting my call when I'm in one and nobody can here me .	bug report
Since you are removing SMS support, I am removing Signal. I have no interest in multiple text message apps.	feature request
My favorite until they announced no more SMS on it. Major dealbreaker. Besides that, sometimes it would have trouble receiving images	feature request
Runs kinda slow, sum times can't hear the ringer. It'll work for now	bug report
The calls sick and I got this app so I can text offline but you can't but other then that it's great	bug report
This app has helped me stay in contact with my family and an art group. My only complaint is that I think they should change the name.	feature request
Has become utter garbage. Fix it.	bug report
Automatically stops application and my chat video is not downloading fix this problem.	bug report
Pictures you can't see faces clearly.	bug report
$$$$$great app............	irrelevant information
The new layout looks ugly. It was much better before the change...	feature request
This app it's great but it has too many pop-ups that pops up in the middle of a call or trying to get a call in it pops up something that you don't not need to see time your game up you have a great app see CJ from Tallahassee	bug report
All this app does is load..... -_- Sometimes it wil open with no problem, but it is irritating nonetheless. TextNow is a better app. If this one little problem could just be fixed, then it would be a much much better app. :(	bug report
Change the UI back to what it was before! This new setup is WAY too complicated and a burden to use because of all the loops and hoops you need to go through to get into a simple channel!	feature request
It was really the best and the first thing to place in your device after clean install. Now they make a terrible decission dissabeling sms-support and the whole advantage of this app will be gone. I and mamy whit me will need to leve this beloved app after 10+ years of use. Not cool. Not vice. Not nice.. Hope you come to sence or at least there will be some legacy version that will work for us true old supporters that made this what it is today.	bug report
Makes speaking and meeting with my church group very easy! God bless this app!	irrelevant information
Very unique, smart and responsive app. I recommend discord for everyone.	irrelevant information
Excellent,fast and easy for use.	irrelevant information
Photo quality is very bad	bug report
It doesnt allow me to send international msjs	bug report
Not good for video calls...and very poor connection most times	bug report
Text free has been very good app but suddenly I'm out with my number and I can't login in any more or sign in or up again	bug report
Overall this service was better than other free texting and calling wifi services offered, however they decided to lock my account from services I've already been using unless I paid for them. They allow you to use verification for a little while, then suddenly require you to pay if you need to do any more verification pretty much locking you out of any accounts you verified on the phone number until you pay them. This is a problem with any service that used two-factor authentication. Slimy.	bug report
Needs to be able to be taller for galaxy s8 and the LG g6	feature request
Great app but drops calls alot on wifi.	bug report
Right now it is a 2 because I have tried multiple times to upload a video and it keeps giving me an error. But it will let me post a picture. This is driving me crazy. Please fix this	bug report
It lagged and froze ALOT, so i deleted it then downloaded it back thinking it's just my device doing that. Now I tried to sign in but it won't let me, it stated that I need to check my internet connection. My internet is working perfectly fine, I even tried it on my other devices and it said the samething, at this point I'm just pissed off that i wasted my time.	bug report
it cool	irrelevant information
I had to take a break from this app but I'm sure it's good but you have to o watch a lot of movies or down load alot of apps	irrelevant information
I hate it now. Im just stuck using it as a time capsule.	irrelevant information
Great app for private messaging.	irrelevant information
If you have wifi this is the best app for calling and texting you could never get a better app I love it thank you guyc	irrelevant information
Great app but can no longer be used as my primary messenger system due to recent changes. Otherwise 5 stars.	feature request
I really have to uninstall and install it again because the app doesn't open I hate discord and its bugs it just deserves 2 stars	bug report
The problem is that I have to press it to get my notifications. They dont automatically come	bug report
It does what it is supposed to, including removing metadata from pics	irrelevant information
I have 50 minutes but it won't work to call or text !!? Fix this issue	bug report
Truly This app is so good But the problem is that when me, and my friends play videogames together sometimes, my friends get disconnected automatically. Hope Discord you will answer me Thanks	bug report
Does its job. It does need to let you go back and edit things you say when you have misspellings I don' t like that I can't delete personal chats.	feature request
Wifi confused	irrelevant information
Love the community, but why so many glitches. Sometimes roles just vanishes, videos won't play, chat keeps sliding, tagging is weird. Fix these bugs please. This is very irritating.	bug report
I hate it.😬♿	irrelevant information
Usually takes between 10 to 20 seconds just to open! Also the notifications disappear before you look at them	bug report
Please remove the payment feature and provide it as a separate app! I don't want any bloatware. Please also be aware that you fall under different laws now with this feature, which might backfire. I don't understand why you take on this big risk; End-to-end encryption is already not well seen by many governments and politicians and worth protecting.	feature request
Whenever i try to vc my mic doesn't work and its annoying, constantly trying to get it to work so i can speak	bug report
It's a very good application, fun to text and easy to manage.	irrelevant information
I can't send pics or videos idk what's going on?	bug report
An effective way to communicate with large groups.	irrelevant information
Works very well. Very cheap calls to UK landline to keep in touch with my elderly mother. Still the only app that allows calls to landlines.	irrelevant information
When I try to verify something with the pphone number, it does not come in my inbox. Plz fix this	bug report
It's not working i can't text  either , i can't receive text also , fix fix plz i will give u 5 Star	bug report
Last update with redesigning made it awful.	feature request
It brings me much joy.	irrelevant information
The company is awful and keeps making bad decisions which hurts their users. Edit: They removed Amoled mode from the old layout, trying to force them to move to the new layout where they can use "midnight" mode.	irrelevant information
unable to view list of current members, no resolution on how to correct the problem	bug report
Can you guys set up a feature where we can mute specific people in specific groups? I may not want to be notified if a person posts in one group because the information doesn't pertain to me, but in another group I do want to receive a notification if that same person posts because this information has relevance. Muting the whole group isn't ideal because then I am missing important messages.	feature request
My account got flagged for breaking terms of service twice after I did nothing	bug report
Has become unusable. Messages frequently don't send or aren't recieved by other signal users for hours, if at all.	bug report
I love this app . But i love to see my friends statues . I can't put any status on this app. Can you add this plz. Niz and safe app	feature request
a multitude of devices apps and actions running at the same time. yet your	irrelevant information
Keeps private conversations and photos private. However could use more instructions on deleting content for personal use.	feature request
Im giving it 2 stars because theres this bug that wont let me use the app at all, no matter what my wifi speeds are, it wont connect to the app, just stuck on "Connecting..", this is only on the mobile version	bug report
Absolutely terrible and a nightmare to use. The most glitchy app I've EVER had and can hardly type with all the adds and glitches. Never rings or even shows up when someone calls you. Will not let me send pictures and took tech support 2-3 months to finally fix my issue just for the issue to come back ina a week. Will be very relieved when I uninstall it and will NEVER download again.	bug report
good app so far. theres a lot of advertising until you purchase plan that stops the advertisements. still have it use for my personal private clients. no issues	irrelevant information
It baffles me how did they manage to develop an app that's so slow and in multiple occasions just none-responsive?	bug report
The Discord app used to be fast, functional, and consistent with their other platforms until recently when they decided that none of that mattered and it was far more important to become a copied and pasted "optimized mobile experience" with less functionality, a convoluted layout, and horrible performance. Gotta love when platforms randomly decide to set themselves on fire for no reason.	feature request
The app was great, but I think this last update wasn't really it. I don't know if this bug is from the current update, but I'm not receiving the app notifications, not even when I'm in a call. Please fix this! Besides that, Discord is a great app.	bug report
I have yet to find out how to be able to initiate a message. I couldn't find any instructions on how to use it. Evidently it's not for anyone who isn't already a "techy".	bug report
Long delay on calls. Texts never made it to recipients.	bug report
Nice, it can be use to verify whatsapp	irrelevant information
I wanna use gifs but don't know how.. Not everything 6sekf explain	feature request
Nothing going my way	irrelevant information
There is a problem with the sending of photos or videos, it's not going thro Could u mind fix that	bug report
I use it to communicate with my boss and my coworkers. The UI is fairly simple, and it's somewhat pleasant to look at in terms of aesthetic. Though it doesn't have any fancy or special features, it sets out to fulfill a single purpose, and it does so without issue. That's all I could really ask of it.	irrelevant information
I really love this app but the only thing that's been bothering me is the Role's design because it's a hassle when I manage and reorder the roles. When I reorder them, the other roles mix up with another and it's frustrating. In comparison to the old one, it's much more easier. It's a really great app but I would love to have the old version of the Server Roles back.	feature request
It's a good app!!!	irrelevant information
It's ok but sometimes loses video and sound even when both mobile devices are full bars	bug report
Best messaging app. But there is a problem occurred that sms sending slowly. A little bit slower than normal sending time.	bug report
it's alright but some people don't get my text messages it annoys me .	bug report
There are far too many ads, my calls get dropped even with full Wi-Fi signal, it lags horribly (it takes almost 1 minute to open the app which makes me miss calls), the voice lags with about 10 seconds of latency, and it doesn't always show notifications or ring. I guess you get what you pay for. If stuff gets fixed, I will make it 5 stars, but I don't see that happening.	bug report
Okay, need be much faster service	irrelevant information
It's not facebook... enough said	irrelevant information
The redesign fixed the problem of discord mobile being a scaled down desktop version, which I would argue was it's biggest selling point. Very disappointing...	feature request
Tho this app is perfect but im facing bugs in signing in my acc from another devices. It always shows "New login location detected". Discord developers need to fix this bug as soon as possible.	bug report
I am always in these groups that need to use groupme. Every time the app works great for the first month or so, then it stops sending texts without wifi, and now it won't send text with wifi or data. This has happened to me at least 3 times before, and it is obviously an internal issue that NEEDS TO BE FIXED.	bug report
protective, safe....good	irrelevant information
A good option for bridging the group texting divide between Apple and Android users.	irrelevant information
Doesn't want to send pictures and sometimes messages don't show.	bug report
Your app us horrible it never allows me to open in the app never shows the groups I've excepted it is horrible.	bug report
Chats I'm in arent even showing up on the app. I have to go to the website on a desktop to actually use it.	bug report
Great app for helping coordinate my team. Keeps us on the same page. A little odd setup to add new members but overall good.	irrelevant information
Old skype no new features	irrelevant information
Make it stop kicking me from calls I'm waiting on my friends to join because I just have to call them repeatedly and they think I'm spamming but its discord closing the call	bug report
Stopped connecting a week ago, so it is absolutely unusable now.	bug report
Meh, good to use while I'm waiting to pay my prepaid cell bill. Annoying when it keeps asking me if I want to set up calls and text through the app, I don't use this enough and plus, calls is always choppy.	bug report
Has some bugs when calling	bug report
Latest discord update is trash. Literally i have to verify every DM messages and insane lag	bug report
it puts my friends sms upside down,and  Icant get on faxebook chat.help me!!	bug report
What is the problem with repeating the functions of a desktop application?! Not only does the sound not work when there is an incoming call, only vibration, but also the interface is poor and stripped down. Some squares instead of the ability to select a video image of the opponent in widescreen 16:9 and 9:16 versions, so that you can see everything, and not the center of the camera. I'm talking about pop-up videos, both in the app and outside of it. Too poor mobile app :(	bug report
Horrible for android.....iphones jave so many other layouts and features .....have to scroll up on missed messages ....no badge notifications ....no grey scale.....hey unless u have an iPhone	bug report
Not even close to discord app	bug report
Good for teams and keeping track of events / attendees	irrelevant information
i give 2 stars bcuz its hard to📀📀🎥🎥🎞🎞📙📙📚📚🎗🎗🎁🎁🎀🎀🎫🎫🎉🎉🎃🎃	irrelevant information
It's been an excellent text and call app for me I've been using it for the last 3-4 months I've locked in my number yes awesome great job	irrelevant information
Use it daily. One of the best chat apps.	irrelevant information
Not to bad so far	irrelevant information
freezes all the time	bug report
It a nice business app i will advise all to have it	irrelevant information
Smooth	irrelevant information
I keep contact with over 50 people using this app. I was was forced to post this .	irrelevant information
Lately when I click a server it takes me to other ones. If I'm replying in channels message doesn't leave the text box but will send multiple times	bug report
First off it doesn't let you send video at all and secondly no matter how good your Internet is it still either drop the call entirely or it makes it completely mute on your side so the other person can't hear you	bug report
After the update, video call has bug such as it didn't show my video call to the other person that i call with and its said 'unstable internet connection' which is weird because before the update things was going alright and my internet was not so slow. I hope u can fix this bug as soon as possible	bug report
Tried other app but signal is the most reliable so far.	irrelevant information
Whenever I'm in the middle of writing a text the screen turns white and goes to the main menu. It deletes what I was writing and can never finish my text. It does it so often even when I'm scrolling, looking for a certain message.	bug report
For what it is it does fine	irrelevant information
I can't even get the system to give me a number.	bug report
Not great calls cut in and out	bug report
This app is so laggy and fool of adds	bug report
Support the app :)	irrelevant information
It works quiet nice but I dont get any notifications all notification setting is set on but still nothing... On the app and on my phone I set all notifications on... What could be the prob??	bug report
I'm getting anti virus pop ups that direct me to a page .. it keeps doing it only when I open the app.. I've used it for years .. but if it can't be fixed I'll find another one	bug report
This app uses 10 of your minutes for a 1 minute phone call. So if you like never having minutes and missing lots of phone calls this is the app for you.	irrelevant information
I love this app so much!!! (Please give me my friend back and my family)	irrelevant information
Manages to have bugs on every single update. Given that 90% of updates add irrelevant paywalled features. One recent W was the voice messages feature, which is a rare thing to see. Great app to find communities for literally everything, but the updates seem to be actively working to make it worse.	feature request
Newest update keeps messing up my Bluetooth connection whilst on mobile this needs to be fixed ASAP	bug report
Skype has become very slow. Clicking on a button/menu takes up to 2 or 3 seconds. It's been like a year every version is slower than the previous one. Being myself a software developer, I feel there could be much more performance improvements.	bug report
Notifications are unreliable. Messages don't come through when they are sent.	bug report
VCs are very inconsistent and the app has many many crashes, especially while streaming or trying to multitask on your phone. It's not very mobile friendly, and it will cause your phone to spasm at times. Other than that, it's very clean looking and there's tons of features and I believe Nitro is around 75% fair- I feel like anything that makes the app's functionality better shouldn't be behind a paywall and Discord should do more to optimize multitasking for mobile users so it's true to ads.	bug report
It doesnt send my messages, i have to uninstall the app and re install and then it gives trouble to load for me to login..i can see myself on the vc camera for some reason also...plz fix these issues	bug report
Doesn't always ring when receiving calls. Not all app verification codes will deliver to it.	bug report
Edward Snowden recommended, been using for over 2 years with no complaintsd	irrelevant information
Dude.. remove the newest update immediately. It's HORRIBLE. I can't swipe to see who's online and overall harder to navigate. My advice to you all, don't get the app or if you do turn off auto-update before it's too late.	feature request
Its very beutyfull	irrelevant information
I need just one more thing here, or maybe 2. 1) I need an option to switch between accounts. If the option is available for PC, why not for a mobile phone? 2) I know it won't happen, but I need a bigger word limit. The current limit is not enough for me. I don't think it will ever be enough though. I just write really long messages. And even premium doesn't meet my needs. It's good that I can at least send it as txt file, but it's not the same.	feature request
Coming from discord, the actual call quality and connection is at least 10x better and more stable. My only complaint is the lack of audio settings. I cannot change my volume or mic volume, outside of using my phones volume up and down. I also cannot mute the other person's mic, only my own. Audio settings need to be implemented before getting close to a 5 star. *Edit Still no volume controls. Even with my phone volume at it's lowest, Skype is blasting	feature request
Skype Have Lot Of Bugs Please Fix That Bugs	bug report
If I'm using a phone number on the app why can't I recipe texts from apps I gave the number to get a verification code without reserving the phone number. And not just any text messages. Otherwise its a great app tho.	feature request
Three cuz it works sometimes a -5 because I was just involved in an emergency phone call and ads came up could not take the ads off they would not release the phone back to its normal functions and therefore I'm very angry with the situation now I'm not going to mention what exactly happens because it could be a legal matter I'm a little disappointed a lot disappointed.......	bug report
Overall discord is best app but i deduct 2stars because on discord there are many scammers and useless invites mesaages and dirty groups join links are coming i hope discord team will fix it	feature request
Really convenient, but the lag is a headache	bug report
I've met a whole ton of friends through discord and it's something I really appreciate. However the mobile app is buggy as hell and can you please stop change the design every two weeks it looks fine and has always looked fine	bug report
scammer tools and unwanted apps permissions are buried way down in the information. I will not ever look at using this. check your product before taking over peoples devices.	bug report
Uh uhhhh! Don't you daaaaare! think about downloading this nytmare app, you'll punch the teeth out the back of your head eeeevertime you open it.....ACHTUNG!, DANGER! WILL ROBINSON	irrelevant information
To be honest it's really good but sometimes when u hold on a message the menu that should pop is kinda bugged not showing a thing	bug report
The best communication platform I have ever used.	irrelevant information
It's really good there's certain things that you can't do on there certain things that you can't get like a regular phone but all in all pretty good to where I can have a phone number and a slight bugging me I can get really quick	feature request
The application is so buggy & slow! It takes a long time to load content. And signal doesn't have any unique username option & no option to hide the phone numbers (Privacy!). And It's too much power-hungry app. It's so buggy that can't join a group most of the time, and can't leave or block groups! even can't delete the account permanently!	bug report
It's amazing 😍 people are enjoying your app	irrelevant information
Very good and for free amazing plz install 🙏	irrelevant information
You don't even have to pay is the best part I Love this app I hope everyone downloads this	irrelevant information
I feel like it'll be better if they'll let us enter verification codes	feature request
drops. The app BARELY works.	bug report
If I could give it zero stars I would. Won't let me log in. If you ever forgot your password forget this app there is no possible way to change your password. Huge security risk as well.	bug report
Easy to keep in touch with our Bunco group!	irrelevant information
Decent app, but I have to give it 1 star due to the fact that they support and host full screen ads that force a download with potential malware onto your phone under a "Breaking news app". Stay away if you value privacy or your phones security..	bug report
I am utilizing this app because our church leaders started a group for our youth program. I have been receiving request from people that have pornographic content in the message. I do not appreciate this and I hope that there is someone on your team working toward stopping this.	bug report
We lost our credit. We can't make phone calls without credit. The app is useless if it won't allow us to purchase credit nor make a phone call. Another Microsoft piece of trash	bug report
Not sending receve sms code	bug report
The last update screwed it up on my phone. Now half the time I open the app, everything is really zoomed in, and pictures get half cut off,reinstalling didn't fix it	bug report
Last update issue # 1: A lot of time when scrolling up message in servers the moment someone is writting and sending a message it put you right back dawn the page. Issue#2 : A lot of the time leaving the app open to switch for an other and come back make discord screen reloading for 5sec and sometime back to message tabs when you where in a server. Seriously the new update ui and all is nice but everything else related is a nightmare on any device since the last update.	bug report
Great app makes keeping up with my friend's group very easy!!!!	irrelevant information
This is the only thing wring u have to get mins don't know why got to find a good connection get this but don't get okay byeee	bug report
I can't update my subscription again 😡... It always tells me to try again later 😞 since last month 19th August... And I don't want to lose my number .. please help 🙌🙌🙏	bug report
Removing sms support was dumb. Was way easier managing sms and signal in a single app.	feature request
It works wonderfuly	irrelevant information
I like discord but it's hard to sing in so I just add 5 star "why" because I singin :)	irrelevant information
Before the update I would've given 5 stars but now I give it 2 stars because it keeps crashing.	bug report
When I text a number, the text comes back to me as if I'm texting myself. I don't receive texts people send me. Horrible. Try TextPlus instead.	bug report
Glitchy to all extremes - Opening chat notifs land you on your most recent chat - Huge load time for messages, feels like I'm in a different time frame from the rest of the group - name change/icon change doesn't stay permanent and reverts sometimes - overall extremely riddled with bugs and inconveniences Only reason I'm using this is for school. If you want a personal groupchat, there are hordes of other options that aren't nearly as buggy and inconsistent	bug report
I use this for sports coordination. It's pretty good, but does lack some helpful functionality of other apps like scheduling reoccurring events and showing whether or not members read the message. Great for a basic group messaging app without any fancy stuff.	feature request
Very private and end cryptic	irrelevant information
The only social media app I can use without having a panic attack. P.S the UI change is kind of a turn off	feature request
I've had this phone for about 2 weeks and the phone number that they gave me to begin with they took it back and gave it to somebody else	irrelevant information
I really enjoy most of the features of this app. Sometimes the message alerts are quirky. And you've got to make sure it stays updated. But overall it's been a really great experience.	irrelevant information
App has been down	bug report
Good place to be on	irrelevant information
Outstanding app EXCEPT they decided to drop SMS messages. I am so sorry to have to leave them.	feature request
Notifications no longer show your text message just shows new message pop ups also no longer show previews of the text message just says new message it's kind of pointless to have an apoints like this if none of the notifications are working properly also customer service refuses to answer emails so I need to leave this complaint here	bug report
Should have tested more the new ui before publishing. It's full of bugs. Can you just revert back to the old ui?	bug report
Great service. The only thing is that when you use all the minutes for the international call on the monthly plans , the system does not allow you to recharge them until next month and you have to get Skype credit which is a lot more expensive to make calls.	feature request
It works OK. But transferring from one device to another is a convoluted mess. Next time I'll just close my account and create a brand new one.	feature request
I downloaded it today and gave permissions to access my contacts.... and it only shows that I have 3 contacts. I like the privacy concept... but will wait a while before reloading it.	bug report
im a bit confused on how my partner who is in jail carnt call my skype number need some help	bug report
When I'm on a server I can swipe right to look at the channel list but I can't swipe left to go back, it's very annoying. Also, I wish you had the option to change to the old layout. Finally but not least I can't send my gifs along with my text which is frustrating especially on an active server.	feature request
I've always had problems receiving MMS messages. That's gotten better but now my SMS messages aren't being delivered. Sometimes it says it can't be sent and others it appears to go through but it didn't. Very disappointed for such a simple task.	bug report
You can't really hear the person pretty well.	bug report
Good just can't delete what you made a mistake on	irrelevant information
I cannot call my group in this version. It says the group is too large to call. What's the solution to this problem.	bug report
Was a good app now I can't even log in	bug report
Notifications do not work no matter what I try.	bug report
Every time I try to log in I have problems. Why it's so complicated? Can you just send me a email to reset my password?	bug report
When people text me I sometimes cannot see their messages, but it'll have a notification that they texted me. Or someone will text me but I won't get the notification. Amd sometimes I send a message and then I send multiple after that, but the first message I sent unsends and resends after everything else I've sent. Making it confusing. Please fix this, and if you do, I would be happy to rate text now with 5 stars.	bug report
I'm Getting This Bug That Says Something Is Wrong With Purchasing With The Nitro Subscription, Even Though I Was Trying To Pay For It.	bug report
it's a good app, but they need to make it so it completely works in landscape mode on a tablet.	feature request
What a NIGHTMARE APP! TEXT NOW will just CLAIM that you have violated there terms. Erase your call logs messages with no warning. There is NO one to talk to! It's just too bad. You can fill out an appeal FOR NO REASON! It just sends you a link stating you can get back on your account but it's only a maddening loop! All I did was send my mother a picture of a dog! Text now is a horrible unproffessional comany.	bug report
The UI redesign was pointless and ultimately detrimental to my mobile Discord experience. I do not like it, and if I could roll it back, I would. The app is overall very good, but I don't trust the organization behind it at all. Be cautious.	feature request
Voice to text, scheduling delayed transmission of texts either unavailable or hard to find.	feature request
I have had no issues connecting on voice calls using my phone until recently. I'm stuck at Connecting even when my internet is perfectly fine.	bug report
Boycott suiden and its product	irrelevant information
Tried sending a message and message wasn't supported??	bug report
I had someone accidentally run over my cellular device and this app has been a total life saver. thank you !	irrelevant information
I use discord regularly, its great for talking to friends and up until a week or so ago it even worked! The UI was great and easy to navigate but now not only is the UI worse, if you get a DM while in a server you have to go through 3 tabs to see it as opposed to one like before, but it's also barely functional. Half the time I enter a different channel it means I have to restart the app because it's bugged. Youd imagine discord would test a little more for things like this before pushing it out	bug report
App would work great if it stops messing with my volume control... I'm listen to music and when I jump on the app the volume turns down. All the time. Fix this issue and I'll by the monthly for it.	bug report
Overall solid. But having trouble ending phone calls. Ill press the 'end call' button and it'll disconnect, but continue to try to reconnect.	bug report
Good app, but there is no reason for phone number verification. If I can connect to snapchat, instagram, facebook,... all similar apps easy then why do you make signing up in this app a pain in the ass.	feature request
Use more battery than other apps	irrelevant information
No Delete button for contacts.	feature request
Good. I wish it could still be used asy default SMS app.	feature request
Not even of the simplest task. You have to pay to get the verification code thats just rigged.	bug report
Most recent update has caused freezing in DMs. I can compose a message, but not send or navigate back.	bug report
ui need improving but I'm too lazy to say why	irrelevant information
Very interactive am just happy been part of a large family of interaction like Discord. 👍 😜	irrelevant information
Cant even set it up. Gets stuck in setup mode where it wants to verify phone number	bug report
By far the best messaging app, very secure.	irrelevant information
All my servers are missing now for game communication 😕 I didn't remove them getting a blank screen	bug report
Had to roll back to the 205.15 version before the most recent UI change. Don't get the current mobile version; it tries to fix what isn't broke. Nothing embeds right, the new dark theme is hard to look at, and Discord is doubling down on this garbage. Just use the desktop version if you can help it.	feature request
Good app, but with every update it is becoming laggy, developer must discuss nd thinks about this	bug report
There isn't a way to look at the open conversation without being selected in the typing window so to the other person it always looks like you are typing them a message, even though you are not.	feature request
Love using this platform and it's style	irrelevant information
U can't hang up call you can hear who's on phone but people can't hear me😭	bug report
This app is slow. It stops often. When I want to text someone, I have to wait at least 4 minutes to be able to type. Then it takes a long time to send.	bug report
Very nice !!! Far better than WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Removing SMS capabilities assures that no one on the fence can slowly transition to it by talking to the people that do have signal while retaining sms functionally and not fragmenting the "texting" into two apps. Good job telling the customers what they want under the guise of not "confusing users" as to whether or not a message is encrypted. Couldn't be clearer. Used it for all messages and it worked great. I hate to watch the developers kill the chance of mainstream adoption like this.	feature request
Not sure what going on but since about Monday or Tuesday this week for some reason people with AT&T and Cricket have been unable to get messages from me. I can get messages from them but they aren't the messages I'm sending. Please fix this issue I've been using this service for a long time to communicate with family and friends. I would hate to have to start over using another service or app.	bug report
It's nice free for real i love it	irrelevant information
Starts free but my phone had gone out and I'm having to use that number because my SIM card got locked and information all messed up I'm having to use Wi-Fi calling temporarily until I can go get another phone that I can actually buy it from the company instead of off the street so got my bank to send me a code for access txt now blurred it and wants money for verification code txt..y'all suck and I'll tell everyone that you suck	bug report
new mobile UI sucks (I haven't updated at all so my discord is slowly breaking but I don't want to see that ugly thing lmao) possible solution would prob be to bring it back, maybe recreate it but updated internally so both parties (discord & users)	feature request
For some reason I keep disconnecting from the call when I'm like playing games with my friends	bug report
Discord ruining life	bug report
You were real for so long😞 nobody needed ya to change.. you fumbled. Go back to YOU, baby	irrelevant information
I love this app!!! Not giving it a full 5 stars because it will stop notifying me when a message comes through and I have to reset my sound setting. Now it's gotten to where I have to refresh just to see if there are new messages. Fix these issues and I'll give it a 5.	bug report
It was good but I cannot login to my account. Idk what is wrong but....	bug report
Really good anonymous messaging service though can have faults on occasion (messages never arriving) so can be hard to depend on, especially when organizing events.	feature request
Missed lots of calls and disconnected often.  Texting was the best way to use this app.  Served its purpose but could be better	bug report
it's a good line to have for a spare phone line	irrelevant information
It's the best app even know I don't use it often	irrelevant information
Keeps dropping calls!!!! Please fix	bug report
app deletes my msgs when im ready to send.	bug report
5 Alive	irrelevant information
Cool to have but phone calls drop often but texts go thru	bug report
Could have rated 5 stars but I have an issue When I try to login it says New login detected while it's not I tried to only enter Phone number and clicked Forget password and I Actually got sms this says my Account is like lost :(	bug report
29th Dec 2023 Freezes when adding image (Samsung S22) –––––––––––––––––––––– Positive + Secure and small app size. Negatives - I'm in the process of transferring from WhatsApp - please add basic facilities user interface. Telegram has better tools and facilities.	feature request
Please let us delete messages. I have chats going back to 2014 that I don't need. I archive them but all that does is hide them...	feature request
the new UI is terrible. what a step back.	feature request
The app is good but I have one problem with it. I had some porn or dating site send me an invite and there isn't any way to delete the invite. All I could do was archive and mute the person who sent it. I'd rather delete it altogether. Thanks	feature request
Pretty good app for gaming community and such. Could add a help section for new users to learn how to navigate	feature request
For now I'm having pissed off cause it's not working since yesterday not like for the past couple of months very active.	bug report
once we figured out why one person in the group wasn't able to get on, it's been fine	irrelevant information
order free SIM card from text now for unlimited free talk and text, but no data.	irrelevant information
This app is great for family communication! We use it every day sharing pictures and stories. So easy and non invasive.	irrelevant information
This is pretty cool for an app.	irrelevant information
bought coins last month before i went to DR so i could still call my son. calls didnt work. thought maybe it was cause i was in a dif country even though it worked last year in DR. tried to make a call tonight and it still didn't work. updated the app, still didnt work. so thanks for taking my money for nothing	bug report
No annoying ads and reassuringly secure. The problem is I have to open signal to get new messages to come through. Not particularly helpful for work or family life. I used to donate money to Signal because it seemed like the answer i was looking for, but these problems are pretty fundamental flaws. I'm now considering deleting the app due to its inability to notify me of messages. People are now calling me instead which doesn't work for me either!	feature request
After most recent updates channels only open in read only half the time, do not switch and even stick between servers. Horrible and unusable.	bug report
re are not filtered a	feature request
Really good app but the security level can catch you out. Changed phones (same sim and number) and tried the code many times and it won't let me in. Now it says my account will delete in 6 days. Thank you devs for not having a better way to do this. The number is correct as everything else works OK. Shame.	bug report
I is good but it is glitchy sometimes but over all it is nice to use	bug report
Bug atm on note 10 we're after typing a couple words the app crashes and yes I'm on latest firmware everything is to date and if anything the problem is worst even after reinstalling app	bug report
Bruh. I want to verify my Gmail but it won't send the message. I tried updating Gmail but it still didn't work. I even downloaded Email.	bug report
I just got this app so I could door dash myself good over all the app is fine but like lot ads 🧛🏻🧛🏻🧛🏻	irrelevant information
couldn't keep it simple. to many hoops to jump through.	bug report
I try many time to open my account, didn't let me log in to my account and i couldn't use all the attempts Complex app	bug report
This is a horrible app Reason: when you're in a call ADD PLAYS AND U CANT EVEN HEAR THE PERSON THAT UR CALLING Reason 2: ITS STUPIDLY LAGGY OVER ALL DONT DOWNLOAD THIS APP BUT MY MOM MAKES ME KEEP IT, THIS APP IS HORRIBLE I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND GETTING IT!!	bug report
Telegram is a joke compared to this	irrelevant information
Showed up on my phone, not sure where it came from. I use Google Messenger and have never used anything else because I don't send private information over the Internet like other naive idiots do	irrelevant information
Try taking money two times a month, what a pos app,choppy at best	bug report
Great way for family and friends to pass info, pictures, and chat. And just be together.	irrelevant information
Textnow can't create new account niw	bug report
Its not the best text and call app. You need minutes, so you have to watch videos. I reccomind text now. You don't need minutes and you don't need to watch videos. Yes it has adds but its better then text free. Text free is still a good app though.💙💖	irrelevant information
Can't post to my groups and got no help from cust service. Uninstalled and reinstalled and it took multiple attempts to even get logged back in. I was able to post once and then the problem reoccurred. The error messages are coming from the app, but cust service wants to blame ISP even though the same problem occurs without WiFi connection.	bug report
This app works but really needs to improve its design & call quality. If I press things too quickly the app stops working, theres a lot of lag/delay, and the phone call quality is not great. You also can't send or receive gifs. At first I thought the service quality was due to it being through wifi, but the phone call quality on google hangouts was crystal clear so it's not that.	bug report
I skype with my 4yr son. He loved the emoji's till skype took them out for some dumb reason. Please bring back the emoji's	feature request
You have to pay to use if you need confirmation codes. Not ok. Especially with medical ☹️	bug report
Great for 2nd phone number, endless burner #s	feature request
Good app but I'm not getting notifications at all. Nothing is muted and the settings are set to send alerts so I'm not sure what the issue is	bug report
they can't hear me. We say hello or can u hear me now, several times and	bug report
They could add lots of other features like reacting to comments not just liking them, which would make the app closer to other popular platforms. Also easier to add in gifs and other fun conversations pieces. You can use them still just not as easily as it should be.	feature request
Not worth it anymore, I've had this app for years and loved it. I was having a problem sending sms so i thought it needed and update. But now it says I can't send any messages to someone who does not have signal... I'm so upset because I now have to change my text app to one I don't know how to use.	bug report
Gr8 and awesome, it's a perfect app	irrelevant information
Clear and no problems	irrelevant information
So many buttons don't even work.	bug report
Easy to keep in touch with people. Would be better if there was an easier way to find friends if you already have the app. Have to send link so they can join. Also if you have an error trying g to upload you cannot delete it, so it alerts you everytime you log in. That is annoying. Otherwise I like the app.	feature request
New update performance sucks	bug report
Great for 2nd #, When ur switching phone company's or in a bind.. No complaints it's free & overall pretty reliable with wifi. Thank you TextNow	irrelevant information
It is okif you ask me	irrelevant information
1 star removed for poor mobile performance and lack of options to automatically reduce mobile data usage	feature request
I am very satisfied with the application.	irrelevant information
Edit December 2023: New UI is a failure. The complaints from earlier in the year that were supposedly addressed were brought back tenfold. The app worse than when it started. Ten steps backward with this new update. Please fix the search bar to actually be useful again instead of having to go manually through every single channel separately.	feature request
If Signal can get the same message scheduling capabilities as Google's Messages app then it's 5 stars!	feature request
I can still talk but the lastest update makes it so mobile users can't send images, like.. at all, idk why it was changed at all the original format was fine. You made it worse!	feature request
Have credit but all calls fail. Viber is working so I'm uninstalling this pos.	bug report
It drops calls the other ppl cant hear u	bug report
Worst app ever it runs out of mins to call people	bug report
Can you please update it so I can share my screen again and make the chat in the video call so I don't have to go out of the video call to see the chat. Thank you!	feature request
So skype is really good app. But me and my friend had a bug occuring in laptops. I dont know if this is a bug or me and my friend's laptop are bad but. When we are in a call,sometimes it just directs us back to the main screen like how we opened skype and making us leaving the call. If this is a bug,please fix it. Thank you.	bug report
It's a great app to have I use it almost everyday for sending text messages there are a few things that I believe need improvement... way too many ads, getting more minutes is a hassle if your not purchasing them and when making a selection too many times it slows the app down	feature request
Extremely useful and with solid functionality	irrelevant information
It sucked noone responed and i texted them a year ago with no response	bug report
Late or no notice for messages, say things weren't sent when they were	bug report
It kept having issues and shows error / bugs. Please release fixes	bug report
Just another walked garden messager on Android since the removal of sms.	irrelevant information
I'm like many others I depend on this app and with the new update before I can even enter the app it crashes! Plz fix ASAP	bug report
At least this one works	irrelevant information
I can no longer swipe left to see active members. My personal messages are in a seperate menu instead of above the servers. I dont like this new update. GO BACK.	feature request
what a great 👍😃👍😃 app for ppl who can't afford a phone bill ty.	irrelevant information
Limited functionality; cannot delete, completly remove threads and conversations. You can archive only and then only one message at a time. I have to wade through hundreds of messages to get only what I need. Too time consuming. My coworkers like it and fill the threads regularly, I don't have that kind of time.	feature request
I like discord alot, I use it on my phone and computer, but the new mobile update has ruined it for me. I have to open and close the app atleast 5 times before it lets me messages my friends otherwise I'm stuck on my servers channel screen. And when I click on the message button at the bottom it doesn't do anything, but if I click on a server it opens. I can barely even talk to people anymore.	bug report
The app is great. The only things I would like to see change are the notification alerts when muted. I don't like seeing my name a notification even with my name tagged in the message if I set the chat to mute. The other thing is being able to delete messages and remove yourself from a group chat.	feature request
Getting rid of sms for non signal users is a good way of making your app worthless.	feature request
Absolutely love using the app but it completely changed my login details when i tried to sign in my account with my new phone, I almost had a melt down	bug report
I liked this app because i could talk to family or friends from all the way across the world and this app is just amazing ill give the rating a 3 star 🌟 😄	irrelevant information
Its ok. Works good since my phone is off other than that nothing bad about the app	irrelevant information
It's a nice alternative to connect with friends or make new ones	irrelevant information
app worked good for one day but now it doesnt call only text... its annoying... restarted the app uninstalled and reinstalled the app reseted my phone as well and it still dont work waste of time.	bug report
Horrible any numbers I tried wouldnt work	bug report
This site is very good I enjoy using it	irrelevant information
change devices it's a major issue trying to get into it. I can see why line	bug report
My discord keeps crashing whenever i open an announcement/forum channel and keeps crashing when i open it, i uninstalled and reinstalled, deleted cache and more but it keeps crashing	bug report
Its horrible Wen I connect to WiFi	bug report
Sometimes I get messages immediately, and sometimes it is several hours later.	bug report
Everytime i get incoming calls it always hang up why is that?	bug report
You took my number away I paid for this service yet you gave my number away. Wow I want my money back never again will I use this	bug report
Interface is HORRIBLE AND IMPOSSIBLE AND ANNOYING TO NAVIGATE!!!	bug report
It works well for me. I'm the Director of Nutrition at a 200 bed hospital. I have 2 supervisors/managers working for me plus we use a 3rd party company that supplies us with dietitians. Most dietitians have 2 and 3 jobs and a day here, 2 days there etc. I haven't seen one of the dietitians in over a year but this is our manager so we stay in constant contact. This is our manager log.	irrelevant information
They force you to allow them to record your conversations before you can use the app. No privacy at all.	bug report
best aps for calling	irrelevant information
I only gave you three cuz I just started this today	irrelevant information
After even a few minutes of use, images stop loading unless I reboot the app. Clearly since they load after the reboot this is not a network issue. So why? Edit: Got a notification for a dev response, but the Play Store won't let me see it here for some reason, and in the reviews section I see dev responses but my own review isn't there yet. I'll check back every few hours.	bug report
for somr reason...it is super slow to open	bug report
Hummm this is very cool application i love it 🙂	irrelevant information
Can't make calls and nobody can hear me	bug report
Every time I send a Text it Does not send it email me please	bug report
It's been great and reliable so far.	irrelevant information
I do like the fact that the app really is 100% free for texting anyone.  However the phone signal will say "excellent"  yet I'll make the call,  and it always sounds like static and then you can't even end the call.... You have to hit home then finally force close!?  Will you guys please work on that issue and then I'd be happy to give it a 5 star rating.    Thanks	bug report
Recently made a change to the mobile UI, dropped iconic color palette, layout structure, and way things are displayed. New ui also has significant and problematic input lag as well as load times.	feature request
It's okay the service will serve It's purpose depending on the level and location	irrelevant information
Ever since WhatsApp has turned into trash, I've been using Signal. Truly displays the power of FOSS.	irrelevant information
Good because I talked with my friend	irrelevant information
Good for studying but kinda addictive if use not carefully	irrelevant information
Just because I have a server doesn't mean that I want to add notifications for every game I play on that server. My private server is for a specific game, so please add a follow feature for other game servers that does not require. Me to add my private server in order to follow the other games that I play. Or bring back the individual follow options. 🙄	feature request
Calls are constantly dropping, service is NOT what it once was.	bug report
It keeps lagging all the time, it was good at first but now it's so laggy I can't call and I have to close the app a lot	bug report
It's an okay app and when its working its great, but there are way to many times notifications do not appear.	bug report
Awesome group	irrelevant information
It's great. Helps me keep in touch and save money	irrelevant information
I have the Samsung Galaxy Tab S7 FE as of this month. My parents are using my old Samsung Galaxy Tab E. We love Skype	irrelevant information
The new app ui design is horrible and they refuse to let you choose the old ui.	feature request
Account transfer process is shockingly flaky. Will probably abandon this app as a result, since I can no longer trust that my data is recoverable.	bug report
This app is amazing, genuinely something I use everyday and I'm happy that I get to meet friends and stay in contact with them with this But what the hell is with the new layout?? Everything worked perfectly before, I don't understand why you had to change it. If it where up to me, I'd make it a toggle. Just someway to get the old one back.	feature request
3 because you need minutes to call somebody and if somebody calls you you can pick it up	feature request
The app and service is very good all-round, haven't seen too many issues as of this month.	irrelevant information
Everytime you get a message it shows up on a pop up banner across the top of the screen. It still happens even if I turn off the pop up notifications. Until this is changed, my rating will remain 1 star.	bug report
Just downloaded the app and unable to earn credits while watching videos. Unable to make calls without being able to earn credit to make them.	bug report
Signal Private Messenger App is good but the only thing that disfigured it is that it sometimes don't work normally for example I sent my girlfriend a text on Signal as she's also a signal user and the exact message isn't found in the chat list till I started scrolling and my latest text was staying up in the middle of our last month conversation which isn't good at all then I can't find the text nor know what was our last conversation	bug report
signing in on multiple devices equals absolutely no privacy.	bug report
I don't trust their new president. That's the most untrustworthy face I've ever seen. Signal is toast, if you put your confidence in it, you'll get burned. Also what kind of privacy app requires you to doxx yourself just to communicate? Forced phone number exchange is absolutely pathetic	irrelevant information
Never works and charges 10 a month sub bs	bug report
I've been using this app for a long while. Lately, it will dial someone I'm texting, then have no call screen or active call in the status bar to disconnect the call. I had to fully turn off my phone to disconnect from someone's vm after a app-induced call to someone I was texting as their vm kept giving prompts to re-record or hang up and I had no way to hang up. EXTREMELY frustrating!!	bug report
stop changing things just for the sake of change.	irrelevant information
Removing SMS functionality means my quest for an independent unified messenger that allows me to do secure messaging -- when I need to -- continues. If I cared whether the telco tech got bored and read my messages, I wouldn't be using SMS. It's not like Signal ever left me confused about which I was using. Idealism beat pragmatism again, and something of value was lost.	feature request
Loving the new UI 🐱	irrelevant information
This app worked well until about a week or two ago when I was suddenly unable to send texts. It would seem to send, but after I went out of the conversation,  all evidence I had written the text was gone. Additionally, group chats are weird. I receive all thr messages said in the chat separately from each person in it.	bug report
great alternative or primary phone number app. I highly recommend.	irrelevant information
bullcrap my calls or text dont come through and when i try to call out it says no internet connect and i have great internet service never have problems except for using this app	bug report
How do I uninstall an Update? 😭😭😭 It has been weeks, and I still hate the new UI... Also, it's impossible to upgrade from Nitro Lite to normal Nitro apparently??? I tried for a good hour yesterday, even bought myself a gift, only to find out that it's straight up Not Possible... Wasted 10€, so that's fun! (I know I can use the gift after the Lite runs out, but I don't need Nitro anymore by that point... I was trying to make a joke in a server right now not in a few weeks...)	feature request
It's a decent app BUT WHY IS THERE A LIMIT TO HOW LONG YOU CAN CALL (those minutes)	feature request
This app makes clarity calls for the most part. It can also frustrated one if needing to make business call and it happens to get close to running out of minutes, it will announce it, which is rather embarrassing.	feature request
Great app runs well but the user interface gets worse every update	feature request
Good but have some voice channel issues and they are not trying to fix or agree it	bug report
groupme does not always notify me so that's really annoying...	bug report
got rid of practicality and aesthetics with no added productive features, disappointed.	feature request
IT THE BEST	irrelevant information
Constantly crashing, very frustrating	bug report
Some weird people called me 19 times and said bad words!dont like it	bug report
First time using it	irrelevant information
It's a gud app, i wish th dev. To add more features , lik this popular apps. I hope i wil love it. Its my first time using it.	feature request
Does not work unless you guys the premium version	bug report
Why did you change inteface old inteface was good + in new inteface it starts from dm instead of channel. Please bring back old inteface	feature request
Real Time and instant visible call	feature request
Sami gotten fired from the other side of yr or other people who doesn't know what they don't want to be in the same place as sami	irrelevant information
This last update, has caused issues accessing settings. Specifically setting customized notifications per contact. Please take this into immediate consideration.	bug report
I love discord but in some question channels make me uninstall and then reinstall to work	bug report
Hate this application ban 😠😠😠😠😠 ban this application ban 😠😠😠😠😔😠😔😠😔😔😔😠	irrelevant information
Using it for homeworld mobile and karvegaming.yt discord	irrelevant information
This app is so good for video calling. Excellent	irrelevant information
Privacy focused, unlike Facebook's WhatsApp. Been using it for almost 3 years now and it's flawless.	irrelevant information
Very few issues. Great way to stay connected.	irrelevant information
Good private app for overseas and NOT part of FaceBook	irrelevant information
I need my money back	irrelevant information
It keep on kickinng me out	bug report
The new UI is abysmal. I still love the app but you NEED TO undo the UI changes, or at least add a setting for the user to revert back to the old one. Nobody complaining means you should leave things as they were.	feature request
Used to be the only messaging app I'd use. Will no longer recommend due to dropping of SMS.	bug report
A great lil chat app, helps organize DnD and other fun events	irrelevant information
Sometimes we don't get all the messages......	bug report
Update: can't use on Tablet? Sync is not consistent, lost past chats messages	bug report
It works and it's cheap but the interface is appalling. I mean when you	feature request
It's hanging a lot....can it be solved with any updates or not....or I should uninstall it and look for any other app ??	bug report
The unblock button finally popped up and I unblocked them. Why wasn't that button there before?	feature request
Doesn't call in like its suppose to	bug report
The changes made since Microsoft took it over have made the app less clear, more complicated. Since recent updates, the app does not make any ring noise on Android tablet, and this call , I didn't answer, but fortunately heard a familiar far away voice- could have been saying private things.	bug report
Horrible. I used this app because I was not happy with paying so much money for more minutes so I downloaded this app thinking it was good and I could keep my original number. WRONG! It has so many ads, you have to pick a totally new phone number, and the service is terrible! If you want a good free text/call app then I suggest using another app because I would not waste my time with this crappy one!	bug report
I never had a problem with discord, I love the app it's nice, but the new update sucks. I crash and lag alot when on the phone and it's mildly confusing.	feature request
Opening the app through message notifications makes the app unusable. Servers and dms are missing, can't react to messages, and sometimes I can't even send messages because it'll keep asking me to verify my email. The only fix is to close the app then reopen it.	bug report
I still love the app but, I don't know if because of the recent update if the Notifications get bugged. I don't get them I even restarted my phone and redownloaded it and everything. I'll still keep the app. Just confused on why I'm not getting my messages.	bug report
Signal it's really good.	irrelevant information
It's sucks   Thanks	irrelevant information
Excellent app for work and personal.	irrelevant information
Everytime I try to end a call it won't let me so it just waste my minutes. This app is a joke	bug report
App isn't accessing the mic properly, people cannot hear me well during Skype calls. I think it's failing to use the "speaker phone mode" of the mic. Oxygen OS 10.3.2 Problem can be solved by using earbuds that have their own mic. Otherwise pretty good.	bug report
1 star for getting rid of SMS support. Does anyone like having multiple text apps just to talk to their contacts? Do you know how hard it is to get Grandma to switch apps? The majority of those I text don't care about encryption. Once SMS support is removed, so will my usage of Signal be removed.	feature request
It keeps my work team up to date on anything	irrelevant information
Sometimes it says signal is not available when wifi is working on every other app on divise	bug report
This app is hard to open and hard to close won't edit messages it just doesn't work	bug report
So someone will try and call me or text me and it won't show up, give notifations or make noise, but it does on my friends phone :/ I want to know how to fix it	bug report
This is a great app. It isn't perfect but when it's free you can't really complain about the small glitches.	irrelevant information
Its good . But I just wish you got free minutes to start. 😭	feature request
All it was about was a call	bug report
The text part works great but far as calling goes my calls never come through and I've paid money for mins if this was fixed I'd give 5 stars	bug report
Really a shite app. Whatsapp is infinitely better in EVERY SINGLE ASPECT	feature request
Does app has been very great and I really appreciate it thank you for bringing	irrelevant information
Got much worse since the no SMS update.. messages are not being delivered until I open the app manually	bug report
They're removing SMS?!? Signal has been my go-to app for SMS for years!!! They're removing one of the best features and adding other useless features. Stories... Really?!? I'm going to stop updating so at least I can keep SMS. Unfortunately it looks like it's time to replace Signal. Sad day.	feature request
It's a good back up app, calls drop to much used with Wifi, works better when your device has complete service.	bug report
Most calls get dropped. Even though my wifi coverage is excellent	bug report
free?	irrelevant information
My text aren't being received by some numbers, other numbers get them no problem. Sort of frustrating. Would easily give it 5 stars if fixed though.	bug report
It's a good app but it forced close and it doesn't load at times so that's why I give it 3 stars	bug report
Like it, makes connection with others great.	irrelevant information
I don't receive notification. So I want know I have messages until I open the app	feature request
I use it before but now this app not sending any verification code so i can't log in again i am try to log in last 5 day and still now this is not working. #shitsignal	bug report
Love the app but there's one problem it deleted your phone number and u have to delete it and download it again.	bug report
Good at times.	irrelevant information
Well it keeps saying "call rejected" every time I try to make a call. So, no, I'd say this app is not good.	bug report
However need to make changes to office mode for the specific user only. Not	feature request
My only complaint is that I can not facetime my little boy! I would rate it a lot better if I could and I am sure a lot more people would use it	feature request
Calls cut out.	bug report
Hi! I like to report your app cause i cant open my account when i log out and when i want to open my acc they say my account doesn't exist:( i had previous acc that cant open too i also forgot to save password	bug report
recent update is horrible, why force an UI change when people have been perfectly fine using the old one for years?	feature request
When i send emojis to the other person it doesn't show up	bug report
I have saved the same number six times and neither Pinger nor Text Free will save them to its contacts list in the app. My phone contacts have multiple numbers for the same people yet Pinger won't detect them at all. Until this is fixed, I'm no longer using some free messaging app that won't even detect the contacts I save to it.	bug report
Signal is better. If you are wanting to start a group chat, use something else. People like me who don't want this app have to rely on GroupMe's unreliable SMS.	irrelevant information
I would rate higher but it is incredibly frustrating that I am unable to send videos even very small files like 2mb. Why is this? It has me searching for a new app	feature request
Good app. Not my favorite chat app since there is only one reaction and limited file types you can share, but it's simple and easy to use with a clean interface.	irrelevant information
Can't post stories 😕	bug report
It's great but ........WHEN ARE WE GONNA BE ABLE TO SEND VOICENOTES .....I THINK ITS TIME FOR THAT NOW AM TIRED OF TYPING LONG ASS PARAGRAPHS ❗	feature request
Why you guys changed ui ? After update it's very hard to do any task in mobile discord I can't even open channel if I did i need to open discord again and again can even see online member list	bug report
So complex and slow	bug report
The app is good but the update won't let me send any pictures or videos please fix it	bug report
I have been using this for a while now and find it pretty good for keeping small groups of people informed of the goings on. Sometimes, it's a little tedious scrolling through all of the info posted by the group. While I don't manage the communication between our group, it must be tedious keeping things straight and organized. I don't like the phone numbers truncated on the communications. It's hard to follow who's who, unless you have the owners' numbers committed to memory.	feature request
Just another group chat. Works well, good option without involving social media.	irrelevant information
Awww i love this app but i don't have the emoticons icon nor the picture option :(	feature request
Horrible   new ui. Does not remember   sign in details any more.  Harder to use than the previous version!	bug report
Fails to push notifications unless the app is open	bug report
Best app this is really give me us number Thanks	irrelevant information
Need two accounts option for android phone	feature request
Liked it, but no SMS support means I gotta uninstall. Not gonna juggle apps depending on who I text with. Also the constant begging for donations when the app starts is really annoying. One more thing, cant send video to people that dont have Signal - not even 3 sek clip. Really stupid decisionmaking, this app is gonna lose alot of users when the SMS-suppory drops. Gonna keep using app till then though, and change rating to 4 if decision to drop SMS is reverated and video to SMS comes back.	feature request
when i try to sign up, it can't work. even i try to change for 3 phones, nothing work keep telling me error code. 9080{99907] [07570] somrhting like that	bug report
Its free and its easy	irrelevant information
Pretty Nice, would be 5 star but I keep running into a strange glitch where when trying to edit or add a reaction the options will all be really thin for some reason.	bug report
Works good,  perfect for group texts if someone does not have this app	irrelevant information
It's pretty good, but I'm having a massive problem with video. Anytime I'm on a call, if the person I'm calling turns on their camera it freezes every few seconds, and the only way to unfreeze it is to minimize the call and maximize it again. It's extremely frustrating and annoying, would be 5 star if video wasn't so broken.	bug report
I don't normally leave reviews but the new ui is a really nice change. I haven't seen a company make a positive change in a long time so it's very refreshing.	feature request
I love this app because I can talk to a bunch of people but I'm not big on there's not many but I just wish there was an ad	feature request
Give the user's the option to save the live stream	feature request
Its would let me make call but the texting works great.	bug report
Lots of bugs still in this app	bug report
It's not letting me answer my calls or press numbers	bug report
I like this because it allows me to call without minutes	feature request
I verified my own email so please let me in	bug report
Great for internet phone service	irrelevant information
I've had this app for yearsas am extra people ne and it worked great no issues whatsoever. Lately it's been not thing but problems. Wont load messages, wont ring, I constantly delete app and reinstall to get it to work properly and when I do that it's only for a minute	bug report
Can you guys make more styles for the bubbles and background please!!!! 💬	feature request
If my group wasn't haven't problems then it would be a 5 star!	irrelevant information
I won't let me call out but I can text.	bug report
This new mobile UI is horrible and function is horrible, change it back	feature request
be warn, your contact information is shared.	irrelevant information
dawg yall removed AMOLED, I accidentally deleted discord and now I can't go back to AMOLED which was better for my eyes	bug report
the name (cannot edit name of contact from another group to start with).	feature request
It's cool...my people use it more than I would like...bit it does serve a great purpose...	irrelevant information
Great app! Excellent voice clarity during audio calls	irrelevant information
I've used Discord for 3 years or smth and I like it, but this version kinda bad cuz 1½ reasons: 1- it's waaay less smooth than last versions 1 ½- sending pics or files is harder and it requires you to actually go to gallery/files and share pics/files from there which is... meh	bug report
useful to almost non-existent. It only comes through email, so you have to	feature request
All of my chats disappeared.	bug report
Nice app but...but don't know why this app is delivering late messages. Message would be delivered after an hour .... It makes the main problem please fix the issue	bug report
It drops calls all the time.	bug report
If you don't have good or solid WiFi connection don't bother. Not to mention the adds and the length of them to add minutes. Good in a pinch though.	irrelevant information
It taks a long time intill it loads	bug report
App does what it says and works exceptionally great if you want the WHOLE UNIVERSE CONSTANTLY calling you from before you get up until whenever. Worst aggravation EVER! Non-stop BS spam calls all day and if you get a locked-in number for your personal contacts it costs you to keep it. It automatically recharges your pymt account without getting approval from you first.	bug report
The app just isn't as good since they've merged all the versions. Long holds are very buggy, I can't even create a forum post on mobile, it bugs out every time. Edit: Another update, another regression. The app is barely usable at times now. Channels won't load, pictures are buggy. Very unpleasant. I love Discord but it's a shame that the Android app is in such a sorry state.	bug report
It's good it's what I want to have posted on my phone	irrelevant information
Doesn't work with my phone.	bug report
Ever Since the last update, the app prioritizes loading crisp clean ads over providing the services it advertises. I'm at a hotel and while I can watch a video in 480p without buffering, I cannot make a call using this app. in the time I'm waiting for the app to check my connection, it'll load 3-4 ads before telling me the my connection isn't good enough to call. As if their GREED didn't just suck up all the bandwidth in that single moment. Borderline scumbag design.	bug report
Texting works great! Calling.....DOESNT WORK	bug report
it's okay but you go way out the country it's not happening and I mean no service	irrelevant information
Hello. Service was great until suddenly I couldn't send pictures. Tried the uninstall / reinstall as in the help but no luck. Help.	bug report
This app is terrible it's not even letting me sign in.... Y'all need to fix this ASAP!!	bug report
the visual quality was terrible	bug report
The absolute best	irrelevant information
I don't like apps that interrupt & ask for ratings	irrelevant information
It was good until the pomelo update dropped.	bug report
when u first download it.It takes to long to load when opening app	bug report
I can't login or even sign up, this is embarrassing	bug report
I'm on the same page with everyone else here. This new interface was entirely unnecessary. Nobody asked for it, nobody likes it, it's incredibly glitchy and not user friendly. Please pay attention to why your reviews so drastically plummeted. There's a good reason besides "stubborn users are failing to adjust." Take feedback, for pity's sake.	feature request
Ever since I downloaded this app I have been trying to get rid of malware and Trojans. Definitely not secure. I can't delete it. This app has destroyed my phone privacy and I severely regret ever trying it. Major security risk.	bug report
Very bad experience and costumer service Is -1 Developer doesn't care the app charging people multiple times per month!!	bug report
Can't use my contacts and now my replies to a text dont show...waiting for pinger to get back to me...again	bug report
It works pretty good. The picture quality/smoothness could be better at times, and youtube videos dont seem to embed, but it has most key features and I like the company's attitude on privacy.	irrelevant information
The new UI is horrible doesnt work, buggy and isn't interacting with the touch screen. The old app was much better and easier to use. I try to open the call and I cannot because the minimised square icon in the corner disappears and therefore I have to disconnected and reconnect for it to reappear. Please change it back to the old one.	bug report
Lately Skype has been super slow and glitchy, especially with the updates that have been released in the last few years. Many annoying and unnecessary changes as well, and now I can't even navigate my conversations or send messages without it freezing up and becoming unresponsive Also, it used to keep a memory of what I was doing, for quick multitasking, but now, if I open another app and then come back to Skype, it has to load everything all over again and it's not very good at all	bug report
Only used it once, but it gives you a phone number where you can choose where it is, as well as which available number (I rate 4 stars because it allowed me to send pictures of my deceased dog from my tablet to my phone)	irrelevant information
And once again I lost my number after having it for 3 months same sinerio and I make a call every day fix this Ya I paid for my number twice and even bought the sim for the sim to not even work.	bug report
This latest update is terrible!! Can't tell who I am chatting with half the time. How can I uninstall the updates?	bug report
Terrible performance and reliability from this new ui. This is a classic case of style over contact. All glitz but poor function.	bug report
Worst app ever !!! Installed and signed up for an account that was how far I could get. The app failed to give me a phone number regardless many attempts with different area codes. Gave it another chance by reinstalling the app, it couldn't recognized my login I just created minutes ago. That's it for me, it seemes a bogus app, wonder where we're all the reviews came from.	bug report
Nice and clean! But shouldn't had changed the UI in my opinion, overall everything is working good and fine. Sometimes notifications doesn't pop up, so i think the devs should focus a little bit on that.	feature request
I like it but I wish you could change the color and set themes and things like that 😕	feature request
It's pretty good when you have a signal if not it'll drop calls if you try to go to an app or something else while you're in a call it will sometimes drop the call you can't go to your calendar or your calculator anything other than that it's great¡3	bug report
Calls are always crystal clear!	irrelevant information
Don't use this, they ban your accounts for no reason. I made an account, didn't get passed the sign in page, then it says my account was banned. I made another one, texted someone "Yello" (testing to see if it worked), closed the app, went back on to text the person again, tried to log in, it said that account was banned. I didn't even have time to DO ANYTHING! I made that account today! The banning system is so bad, do not recommend.	bug report
Great free app. No ads,easy to use.	irrelevant information
Makes canceling subscription impossible! Scummy business practice.	bug report
After Discord has revised their privacy policies, and cleared things up. It deserves 4 stars. Best gaming messaging platform, not 5 stars due to no Encryption.	feature request
Freezes slot. Won't disconnect from calls. Poor audio.	bug report
All these recent negative reviews are true. Before this update, discord was great! This update has so many bugs. Texts come in later but you can see part of the new message in the friends list long before it loads in the actual chat. I often have to reset the app because it won't allow me to send a gif I want to send, the loading times for everything has increased, and many more bugs. This mobile app no longer has a user friendly UI. I have a new flagship phone, so my phone isn't the problem.	bug report
Was great until SMS was removed. Now half of my contacts have gone back to SMS only. It sucks having 2 message apps	feature request
Nice very good for me when my phone no service thanks for every one	irrelevant information
It says free in the name so it's false advertising or misleading if I gotta upgrade to get verification codes to use the number waste of time	bug report
i wish you could upload more than a pic at a time, but otherwise it is great!	feature request
Glorified Group texting, just go use Discord.	irrelevant information
Live but i forgot my password and theres no way to get it back	bug report
Good conversations but all bark and no bite. They don't do what they promise.	irrelevant information
Hey, your app is great, really. But there is only one problem. I have some people which I remember their username and I don't remember the 4 numbers. And the Discord tag finder in google only contains numbers. I was thinking maybe whenever someone searches others username fully on Discord, maybe it could show up all the same usernames with the numbers and the profile picture so we won't have any problem, thanks.	feature request
Also, the getting the message already in use help message is wrong. I tried	bug report
I like the fact that, you don't get to upload stuff to the cloud, everything is backed up locally. 127.0.0.1 😎	irrelevant information
Excellent for texting. Awful for phone calls.	bug report
to hard to set up	irrelevant information
This junk .can't registered. I tried with 4 phone	bug report
Can u plz let video being one of the choice	feature request
What happened to skype now?? Cannot make any call. Now very bad	bug report
Facebook, Google and Line can't send text messages to the phone number the	bug report
I really don't see the benefit nor need for yet another communication app...	irrelevant information
For over a month now, in voice chats, myself or others would be randomly disconnected without warning. No indication, still appearing in the call, but we'd be completely muted until we hang up and rejoin. I'm also no longer getting notifications despite none of my settings changing. This has only been happening for a day or two, thankfully. Loved the app but giving this a 1 star until both of these issues are resolved.	bug report
Newest ui update is awful. No one wanted this, multiple people asked for this change to not happen, and they still went through with it. Discord is becoming Teams at this rate and it makes me want to uninstall.	feature request
FIX THE NOTIFICATIONS Please, its unusable when people don't know they got a msg!	bug report
I have finally started to be in contact with my dad again through signal. We have checked all the notification settings and I have even reinstalled the app and am still not getting notifications. Please help. I really want to keep in touch with my dad.	bug report
good nice to connect friends.	irrelevant information
I'm running Android lollipop and for some reason I can't change the group picture for any of my groups. Would give full stars if this could be changed	feature request
This is by far the worst app on the play store. God forbid you don't text someone every single day it will THREATEN to release your phone number. The day before I got the first message I used it to text my mom. The next day it says "your number will be released soon due to inactivity." They lost a customer. Don't fall for this fraudulent app. They make you pay like $1 a day to keep it but still. That adds up.	bug report
Really handy to have in dead zones but WiFi is able to call still.	feature request
Great app one the best	irrelevant information
I've used this app for 4 years and it's a wonderful way to communicate, but the voice message option will NOT work! It keeps recording even if it is not locked, and the only way to make it stop is to close the app, and then, the recording doesn't even send! I really enjoy being verbal, and I'm very frustrated at this. Please fix it.	bug report
I like it, esp that I can tell when text has been seen. Occasionally, I don't receive texts others have sent (signal & non signal). It may have to do with fact that where I am now, the internet is off at night). 11/23 I am very pleased with the signal app. Esp the privacy. No problems except when there is no internet!	feature request
I've been trying to cancel my account and the app doesn't have a spot where u can tap on to talk to someone so I wouldn't get this app.	bug report
Why not showing opposite persons active or inactive status???????? Please anyone help me for fixed the issue??	feature request
After the update, the app is no longer giving out free minutes even with watching a video or additional offers. Please fix, it was working before.	bug report
Sometimes it goes back to old messages and hard to get back to the new one.	bug report
This app is used to scam people. I personally believe I have been a victim of a scam with this app. It must be reported to the FTC before someone gets sued. Please report it to Google Play Store before Google (the Corp.) is sued and fined...again.	bug report
It never sends me my pin code, like I've downloaded it 5 times and still doesn't send my pin, help please.	bug report
Emoji still can't be added to channel names in the app.	bug report
This phone was good they just pressure you to quick to upgrade to fast .	irrelevant information
Not bad, but don't like how they reassign your number so quickly.	feature request
Okay so I've had this app for a few years in the beginning 5 stars but in the last few months things got weird. They took the number and I got a new 1 but it doesn't work. No inbound or text the number just doesn't work, but I wasn't allowed to change me number but once every 30 days. So it has been a useless thing to me recently. It very disappointing. I would even pay for the service but scared the new number will not work. When it was working it was great love the hold music and all.	bug report
Response: always have app updated; only affected that phone. new one is fine so far Edit: calls are dropping lately. So frustrating! Orig: I like this app just fine. Its helped me out in a pinch & allows me to stay connected to people when I lose a phone (frequently) since the # transfers new phone annoying ads ~ accidentally click on them all the time. that's how money is made, fine. My biggest thing is, this app is 4GB?!?! What the?!!! The UI is basic, no crazy features. Why the huge space cos	feature request
i can now talk to my friends its a 5 for me	irrelevant information
To many fake people on here	irrelevant information
I don't know how to link my group to the app	feature request
I like using discord's platform for group chats, but after the recent updates I'm no longer interested in using the latest mobile client. Will be downgrading to a previous version for the foreseeable future because the new UI changes offer no useful improvements over the layout I was already comfortable with	feature request
It works well, I've really never had an issue but I don't use it much.	irrelevant information
Why did the mobile layout have to be changed? Now it just looks like facebook messenger 🫥	feature request
I'm not recieving Notifications from the App , I can see the messages and the missed call only when I open the App. Please kindly do something about it.	bug report
They can't even make a proper mobile app	bug report
Good app but slow to send files and vedios	bug report
Need UPI base donation option without knowing user data , donate need lots of information about donar	feature request
Lost all of my contacts and deleted all my old conversations. Trash app, reminded me why I dumped it in the first place! >:(	bug report
Convenance when you need quick use.	irrelevant information
This app is very good but the problem is that we can't call on phone nos. using this app,within India even.	bug report
They try to force you to pay in order for calls to work properly. If you dont watch ads or pay incoming calls wont work and you wont be able to place calls.	bug report
Easy to use and private.	irrelevant information
Trash all around zero stars	bug report
The app itself is very buggy, the menu barely works and the notifications are spotty at best. It also just deleted my account. No warning, no pop-up, just logged me out and said my account no longer existed when I tried to log in.	bug report
Just peachy	irrelevant information
i love discord, i really do but... i hate the new update. i hate how we have to use slash commands. it's very annoying. the bots aren't even fun anymore bc so many commands disappear. I'm giving it 3 stars. please remove the slash commands, everyone hates it.	feature request
Always good!!! Never fails!!	irrelevant information
Well I hate that my parents will find out that I'm talking in a call too someone random	irrelevant information
Loved that it did secure messaging along with the unsecured SMS. Not everyone has Signal so to be able to do both was huge. By getting rid of SMS I can only message people who have Signal which isn't a lot. This decision was wildly disappointing and makes the app almost useless.	feature request
As far as calling apps go it's not a bad one. Some of the features are cool. It works so that's all that really matters.	irrelevant information
App will not notify when I receive new texts and calls. Phone is completely quiet, doesn't even vibrate 😬	bug report
It loads really slow.	bug report
So far so good. It's all It's supposed to be, and more. Phone app. Cooollll.	irrelevant information
Good quality in every thing	irrelevant information
cant get good service anywhere	irrelevant information
I was depending on textnow because they purposely send ads to get you t pay for it after you got a pleasant first couple of times using it and then it starts to happen why you going to get a lot of money why not help people with out being a pain in the phone .this is other who say there helping people out yes I know it bizz so don't use the word free .and put adds where it's hard to pull off yr phone to make a important call .I lost a change at a great job today but the abbs would not go away .i	bug report
it wouldnt even let me use my email it kept saying some one already had it	bug report
It's a good app but this past update to the user interface is ugly and causes lag. I'm a server owner and when I need to delete spam messages it takes too long because I have to confirm each deletion. Go back to the 2017 interface and I'll give it five stars. it updated again, and its even worse now. The menu that pops up when i swipe right is useless to me. Give me the option to disable it. I have bad arthritis. It hurts to reach that far over to drag text channels over. Stop doing this. Trash.	feature request
Never sends pictures!	bug report
I think this is a great app.. But I can't send pics. It always say the number I am sending to is not a US mobile number.	bug report
Why this app not open in Nigerian	irrelevant information
Not enough writing space. Takes 2 or 3 lines od text and then affs another post.	bug report
I love the app I made plenty of new friends but Idk if discord checks reviews that much but wouldn't it be fun if you can next to friend people also put something like gf or bf and that you can reject, accept and let's be friends. Don't ask me how I got this idea btw	feature request
I would love to be able to have full access of the sound settings and put it as I like. I noticed that the noise reduction is too annoying I would love to edit that.  Edit: older versions were better sincr they've consumed less power and were 60% faster, version I'm using now is very slow and when I type really fast on keyboard it deletes some of the words I've written and becomes very very slow and laggy.	feature request
Keep saying something didnt go through, please check your network connection and try again, and when i click the link, says the page doesnt exist	bug report
The little annoyances add up	irrelevant information
I love these app freedom	irrelevant information
I'm gonna have to change my review from last time. Whenever I open the app, the ui sometimes tends to not load and get squished in the middle, as someone said before. Sometimes, it happens twice, so I end up having to restart the app. There is also a problem with how you move roles or channels. It sometimes doesn't stick to where your finger is, so you're having to move your finger higher than it should be. Other than that, it's still a brilliant app to socialise and play games on.	bug report
Makes my phone slow, and takes forever to text or call	bug report
You need to work on the app push notification. Can't receive messages	bug report
This is fine for texting but the video is terrible. It's like watching a flip book. One picture then another, then another but no actual movement.	bug report
So I can text people but when it comes to companies or apps texting codes I need to redeem, they never show up. Is there anyway this can be fixed? Otherwise, cool little tool.	feature request
Dropped sms useless for normal users.	bug report
The new mobile layout is horrible. The call quality is a lot worse now. The app before the new layout was perfectly fine.	bug report
Ridiculously complicated.	irrelevant information
very useful tool. it does need a search function though to easily look at past messages.	feature request
Very less sound on mobile	bug report
GOOD signal📲 for now I want buy mins since I read reviews THO. but it good good so far just a temp line for me(.)	irrelevant information
It won't let me send messages out to people but other than that and the ads it's basically perfect	bug report
GREAT APP FOR TEXTS AND WI-FI CALLS	irrelevant information
As many others have stated, the most recent update has ruined the VC feature. Cannot connect to voice channels at all. It will show me in the channel, but it just says "connecting" permanently and I can't hear anyone, and they can't hear me. I've already contacted support and they have been extremely unhelpful, blaming me for the issue despite the fact that it is obviously the app. Please fix this broken app.	bug report
Working OK... For now.	irrelevant information
Talking on the phone is the worst. You cannot hear anything and no one can hear you. It's staticy and cuts off every few seconds.	bug report
Spotty st best.	irrelevant information
hard to hear the voicemail	bug report
I can't use it because it says ultra rare error and Ik other people have been experiencing it so pleas fix it	bug report
It's actually a good app, but when I'm talking to a friend, it freezes 😔	bug report
It works it does what they say it'll do it's got nice features. And the ads aren't too annoying	irrelevant information
ptt(push to talk) doesnt work and it wont show the kye binding to use it	bug report
3 stars cus the app is good but the UI is now worse than before. Pls revert it...	feature request
Love this application. I wish more people would use it and support the developers. I donated to keep the project going. Thank you for a wonderful product.	irrelevant information
I've tried everything I can to get this app to work without wifi it's almost impossible. I hate this app	feature request
It was absolutely terrible i had the app for 3 years, but when my account got disabled I contacted discord 3 TIMES and all they said was the same thing without awnsering my questions or letting me explain myself. If you have an account with friends or family then delete it because if discord takes action towards me for "violating tos" and not letting me explain my self then someone saying the n word and not getting disabled then of corse I will be very angry.	bug report
I like the app but a bit laggy at start when opened or updated not a problem you can fix i think just different phone qualitys	bug report
The app is pretty good overall but the only thing that needs to be fixed is the notifications. Like i didnt mute anyone but i still dont get notifications of them texting.	feature request
New update isn't working. Messages are taking too much time to send and receive. Please fix it.	bug report
The software is very good my only issue is lots of pedo	bug report
Barien Acton,I read your story that's why I download signal app good luck bro .	irrelevant information
I just know about this through our team and it will help because preperation begings from home the base (Team) Already done read the message.Thanks	irrelevant information
The new UI is awful. I can't even figure out how to save changes to my bio.	feature request
Im iranian thank you for free call ❤❤❤❤	irrelevant information
You guys owe me $1.99 cent Or you can run me my 100 minutes plus bonus for my inconvenience	irrelevant information
Slow very slow... Keeps shutting down the app	bug report
Does not connect to Bluetooth devices	bug report
Notifications not working at all. I only get notifs after opening the app	bug report
Spam is getting ridiculous, no way to actually stop or filter it. The group me app and website is extremely poorly equipped to block or report spam and has a "failure" message every time I try to do either one.	bug report
It will not let me call anyone even though they have Skype! It keeps asking me to pay!	bug report
I have used discord for quite some time, I would like to make a suggestion if they can improve their voice messaging system that they have added. Though it's a good idea in concept. It has not worked for me as it has frozen the app I As when this happens, I'm unable to leave the app and cause me to unable to send a messages. Can they fix this please?	bug report
After I downloaded the app it messed up my volume and speaker. Had to uninstall it to watch netflix and hulu.	bug report
It use to work just fine. But now it won't even let me open the app. So I unintalled it.	bug report
Often there lags	bug report
The new update has made the app extremely glitchy. Quite annoying to be honest.	bug report
Love it. It's really helpful	irrelevant information
new needless updates that nobody is asking for, and nobody really likes makes discord really frustrating. they've been doing well for years, but there changing every that makes it good.	feature request
Horrible. Doesn't let me join groups when people try and invite me. Doesn't even let me search for groups.	bug report
Notifications don't sound when I get a message nor does I get downloads of pictures	bug report
Put in more effort	irrelevant information
It's private an responds very quickly	irrelevant information
Pretty good. Helpful	irrelevant information
I love it very much	irrelevant information
For months, you tried to sneak the update on me. I kept declining. Because I knew it was garbage.  Somehow you FORCED it on my laptop. And now....garbage. I would PAY for a reliable service.  I don't expect free stuff.  Don't lure people in and force them to eat garbage.	bug report
I have 11gb backup file but when I try to restore it at the last stage of restoring message the app crashes I'm so upset that I used this app for so long created a backup thinking that I can recover my messages but I am not able to do that this app crashes when you try to restore messages.	bug report
Love the FOSS experience!!!!	irrelevant information
The new layout is absolutely garbage. You no longer can easily swipe to get to places, it takes extra taps to go there. I am very displeased with it. The old layout was perfectly fine and this is a good example of a "if it's not broken don't fix it" Discord please restore the old layout	feature request
Bullshit app	irrelevant information
Text now can be stupid sometimes. I go an try send a text and it says not sent! Grrrr 🙄😤	bug report
Easy way to stay up to date with my company.	irrelevant information
Asks for your pin # too much. You can only have one emotion towards each text. I'm not a huge fan. Sorry.	feature request
Talk to people for free	irrelevant information
Love it so far.	irrelevant information
Need work but great app over all	feature request
Doesn't always work and messages aren't sent or revieved.	bug report
Calls are not going through and they break up picture don't come through all the time	bug report
Its ok :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)	irrelevant information
It keeps dropping calls, takes over my mic so i cant record video,	bug report
Great app, user friendly 👏	irrelevant information
Awful service and dropped calls	bug report
I can barely hear the other callers voice	bug report
This app is the worst with it's "oops looks like your out of minutes." What if you need to call your parents? What if your being kidnapped? If I could I would leave a 0 star but I can`t. Please fix this it is very annoying. Also it shouldn`t be called text free if you have to watch a video or pay for minutes. I can`t express how mad this app makes me. Please fix it.	bug report
Better... but now the app just lags and freezes my phone upon opening and closing.	bug report
Very bad,no call in app telegram please repair	bug report
Please For The Love of God change the UI back. Please. This looks disgusting. This app really is getting worse with every update. Why must you do this to us. Like if you need this UI so badly, at least give us back the old one in the settings. I'm fine if you're gonna stop working on it, I don't care, just give me the option to use the old UI. This change is so useless and unintuitive. Doesn't even look like Discord anymore. Please.	feature request
Is good up until they cut me off and made me start paying to use it so i think that was not good and sure not free so yup! But other then that up in l that it was really free and good so i think that is what I was went through and everyone n need is different so might as well try it to see?	irrelevant information
Verification keeps popping up and does not allow messages to be sent. It's very frustrating. Having this nonsense since yesterday! Am fed up!	bug report
whats going on with the call rejected every call i make saying that	bug report
It's against to Muslim community so I'm boycott this app	irrelevant information
But I would like to suggest to add a profile badge for users who's account is 2 years or 5 years old. And it can be obtained before 2030	feature request
I found myself late of two hours cause neither the background process of	bug report
Would be 0 if I could.	bug report
Wish it would load saved photos to google	feature request
The calendar is a bit wonky, but other than that it seems pretty good.	bug report
i like textnow for when my phone is working	irrelevant information
Tried to blackmail me by withholding important codes, and would only release them if i got the premium plan. NOT KOOL!!!	bug report
App worked fine.. I just didn't like that you have to watch ads for 2 minutes of talk then the call drops.	bug report
It was ok cause u have to watch a video to get one minute on text free for to call people but the texting was free but the calling wasn't so u had to watch like 20 videos to get 20 minutes of calling	bug report
Not clear	feature request
I've never had a app of a private code from the myself right now, gladly to choose from them ! Outstanding app application ! I always experience with everyone else besides me !	irrelevant information
It keeps saying "connecting while my internet is good and it won't stop and i can't talk with friends i hope you can fix this issue because discord is not usable for me rn	bug report
In the past few months there have been major issues with messages going through. Not only it doesn't notify for new messages, sometimes messages don't come through for hours, including your own - i.e. you type something, push send, and it disappears. It seems to be somehow related to switching networks (wifi to data and vice versa or just to different wifi). Happens on multiple devices, too. Don't think it's my settings because it didn't use to happen previously and i haven't changed anything.	bug report
I love it is excellent	irrelevant information
Been using Discord since it released. They recently changed the UI again and this is by far the worst update in a long time. It looks and navigates awfully.	feature request
rings on my pc a minute before it rings on my note 9	bug report
Says great quality but can't hear other line they can't hear me	bug report
Discord is great, but it's annoying that you have to get nitro to send videos . Like dude, a dollar in my place costs 5x much	feature request
I love this game	irrelevant information
So. Many. Adds. Every time you send a message or click on somthing different, a new add is displayed. I understand that it'd a free service but the amount of adds totally kills it.	bug report
Contact information will not be updated. But it is updated on my contact list outside of the app, and the notification of my remaining balance every time I click or open a message is very disturbing on how much interference it causes with the interface.	bug report
called me not on slype, and it muted the skype call even after I hung up	bug report
Great for text messaging but calling seems unreliable. Frequent issues with establishing a voice call - then going straight to missed without a single ring. Happens over various devices, no matter what version, so possibly a systemic issue. Can this be fixed?	bug report
It keeps auto changing my numbers. How can I stop that... I've tried to contact the company but I can't reach. Now it's telling me account cannot be created on this device....	bug report
New update is terrible. Facebook Messenger look and function with tons of bugs-- feels like there's no reason to keep paying for my nitro if what I bought is now unusable :( Deleting this and finding an APK of older version.	bug report
Latest update is bad ui, and dropped performance.	bug report
Got used to the new layout, so it's fiiiine. But sometimes, the categories of servers are open and when I close them and reopen Discord another time, it's open again. I have them closed for a reason, so there isn't a large amount of channels on my screen, but it's really annoying when Discord keeps reopening them when I get back on. Can there be a fix to this, please? Then maybe it'll be a 5-Star	feature request
There is one glitch and it is in mobile when we want to react with emojis it becomes a straight bar pls fix it	bug report
Not receiving messages on my number	bug report
The new layout is pretty bad and makes it slower to navigate most areas of the app. Please roll back to the old layout.	feature request
Very glitchy with lots of requirements to work properly, which is even worse on mobile. 10/10 dont recommend, so pick another app than this.	bug report
this app has been working very well until one night my messages weren't being sent. now my messages send but sometimes I can't receive messages. fix this por favor.	bug report
Awful on phone but only way I can talk to friends so 2 star ig	irrelevant information
Most of the time it's great! Once in a while, the voices are distorted, and sound comes ang goes, even when we are both in strong internet connections.	bug report
This app isn't working !!!!!	bug report
Same Ole experience, in conversations as far as cyber dating. It's cool though.	irrelevant information
Use them all the time with her trying to hide who I'm calling	feature request
Download an older version, and it's great. Other than that, still just any other basic social media app ran by money hungry idiots who frequently pat themselves on the back for decisions no one asked for. Edit: Nice copy paste. Ignorance is bliss isn't it? I'll stay on an older version, thank you.	feature request
Messages keep being sent to the signal service but never delivered to the person. Please fix this.	bug report
It's a bit limited, but that's totally understandable	irrelevant information
HORRIBLE NO, never bye asf,, GOOD NIGHT ASF GAY . i got fired from job, i thought this was gon save me cus i didnt pay my PHONE BILL. BYE	irrelevant information
It started off good doing everything it was supposed to do. Then it stop letting me make calls. People can now only call in. I can still get and send text tho. What's with that? (NOTE 9)	bug report
Trash can't send a dm	bug report
Best way to keep my team informed and to give kudos to those reaching their goals each week!	irrelevant information
Skype keeps cutting off calls around the 3 minute mark. I've tried using different devices, reinstalling, etc, but the same issue continues. Is this a bug with a new update or something?	bug report
Sluggish, just like everything else Microsoft touches.	bug report
Super slow	bug report
Slightly confusing to open the page you needed.	irrelevant information
I never need skype, this ONE TIME that I really need it and want to buy subscription , it's not possible... u are asking me for my emails password to give me subscription? Nice. Also your 200min was more expensive than 60 min. So idiotic.	bug report
Okay so, I had discord for awhile now and I wanted to make a new account so I did, I use my email address and I verify my email so yeah, but now it's telling me to use my phone number? I can't even use my phone number because I lost it into an account I don't even have a email for now I can't get to even use discord without my phone number that I don't even have... disappointing 😬	bug report
I don't have any friends	irrelevant information
Exciting to be back in contact with previous good friends!😀	irrelevant information
idk what happened but suddenly, the massage id button is gone.. also, if a picture is setted as spoiler, it will still be shown if we didn't click the full image.. fix pls.	bug report
It is the best app. I had to go back to it because it's the easiest app to use.	irrelevant information
3stars because at times the calls are perfect (group, individual), yet other times are so horrible. Freezing, no sound, picture , disconnect.	bug report
Unable to Login	bug report
I've lost the ability to see the subgroups in my discord group. For no reason.	bug report
NO NO NO. SOME RANDOM NUMBER TEXTED ME AND NOW IM SCARED. WHAT IF HE KNOWS WHERE I LIVE?!?!	irrelevant information
This used to be good but now it sucks! I have to keep uninstalling it & reinstalling it to get txt messages. Fix this now or I won't use it anymore!	bug report
Iinstalled weres my fish bucks T-T	irrelevant information
I think the emojis need to be updated and that they're should be birthday reminders for friends and also an archive that saves every pic we posted in the chat. . . hope some future goodies	feature request
I don't get my calls or messages unless I open the app! I have missed very important phone calls for jobs please fix it	bug report
It is ok but on calls I can't hear a thing and they can't here me also I can't get any pictures sent to me	bug report
I I'm no longer use this app anymore	irrelevant information
I wanna swipe right to see the server members list. Not reply to a message.	feature request
It does not let if your friend is online or not no	bug report
I really love Signal, and have for years... but the new decision to drop SMS support truly does change the value of this app for me. I didnt want to leave a 1 star, because it is still a great app and a great concept, but if I cant use it any longer, its lost a lot of value for me personally. I have been trying to make it work by using Signal and the default SMS app together, but its just not going to work for me. Im afraid I will end up uninstalling it.	feature request
This app is having serious issues. It's functioning so poorly. I don't hesitate to do updates, yet I've not enjoyed it for once. Just so unfortunate one has to stick with this!	bug report
Enjoying keeping in contact with old friends without social media.	irrelevant information
temporarily unins the app due to storage issues on my phone, then they took away my phone number eventhough I am still paying this company monthly for ad elimination for a phone number they gave away in a short period to someone else, but is still taking my money out of my account, and won't explain how to link a new phone number to that dollar amount but they are still taking from me! For that reason, i don't recommend paying them or getting settled down with any particular phone number	bug report
Messages are coming thru text, not working on Group Me app. Really sucks notifications dnt wrk. Tired of seeing texts all day everyday	bug report
PLEASE REVERT TO YOUR OLD UI! FFS nothing loads anymore	feature request
This company is the worst that I have ever experienced. I paid for the service a few months ago. I haven't used the service much, just to get a message that I can no longer use the service and it has been canceled. When I inquire as to why it has been canceled, this company claims they cannot disclose such information and they cannot allow me to continue using the service. What rubbish! I asked agsin, "what is it that I have done to cause such a thing?" They cannot say.	bug report
I Hate having to give people my personal contact info to other people directly	feature request
Can't figure out how to delete obsolete messages. I want to clear the clutter.	feature request
Op hai app to much	irrelevant information
It works well when it's online. Unfortunately there has been too many times where it fails to connect to Discord servers and can't even load or send chats as a result. Restarting the app is mandatory to fix it. Edit: I'm not having Installation issues. Every time I come back to the app it has a high chance of being stuck at "connecting." Happens on multiple android devices I have, regardless of ISP or connection.	bug report
Love this app. Very easy and useful. Got the card and it's the coolest. After unlocking carrier it will be better.	irrelevant information
Great and helpful !	irrelevant information
I love discord. I've used it for several years now and have had an excellent experience before. but recently with the new ui update the app has gone downhill. it is basically unusable now and idk how to fix it. I've updated the app and it still crashes. it's gotten to the point where when I open the app it's just a white screen where nothing loads. I can only beg they go back to the old ui. there was nothing wrong with it so idk why they changed it	bug report
Fun for the family. We all enjoy.	irrelevant information
Love my service! Have had it for over a year and it's been invaluable. Thank you	irrelevant information
There's a new UI update and it's really confusing, plus it's unreasonably quiet on my end when I call someone. Fix this please, I can't eve find where to change the call volume.	bug report
It is the worst it could do better if you didn't need Wi-Fi	feature request
The app was so much better before the new update. Honestly it sucks and it was easier to use before. Please give old discord back😥	feature request
Bring #back	feature request
Best Chat App And 1# Security Chat App For Me	irrelevant information
I've used discord since 2019 and have mostly loved my experience, but recently there have been a lot of major changes to the UI that are not optional. If there was a "legacy mode" setting this would be a 5 star review but I am severely disappointed in the forcing of features that are not necessary for the security or function of the app	feature request
Think I've downloaded this before..but I think it gave me a phone number	irrelevant information
Poor compared to WhatsApp. Only use it for contacts that don't have WhatsApp.	irrelevant information
Need a paper copy every mo. As am to old to do all this other garbage .0	irrelevant information
So so but lots of ads	irrelevant information
Nice app please download the app and rate this	irrelevant information
Signal co-operates with Iran's Government to block Iranian people access. Shame on you	irrelevant information
Its nice to have this ap	irrelevant information
Good app overall. You have to earn minutes, which is okay but watching them for 2 points. We gots to do better.	irrelevant information
Diff to use and history deleting	feature request
cuts out? Occationally	bug report
cant be used to receive login PINs un less you pay 10$	bug report
Dropping sms support will be a bad move. They're taking away features! (and suddenly asking for donations every other time you open the app!?! What on earth are they thinking?) I got everyone in my family to get signal because that one app would handle sms AND encrypted chats AUTOMATICALLY. No need for parents/grandparents to make the choice of encrypted or unencrypted with every message they send. If non-tech savvy people have to make that choice, they'll use sms everytime.	feature request
Trying to add new number not happening	bug report
It's just that it kept glitching	bug report
Just put a little less ads and your on your way to succes	irrelevant information
Good app, better than WhatsApp privacy	feature request
hey so it's not letting me send voice messages or images at all? idk what's up with that it js keeps saying "failed to send message" internet is fine, tried deleting and reinstalling, settings were unchanged, restarted my phone, discord is up to date and all so idk what's up with that..	bug report
I think it's a solid app. It works very well.	irrelevant information
Not as functional as other messenger apps	irrelevant information
My calls stopped going thru.	bug report
Okay, I'm still annoyed with this new discord. Everytime when I am in the history search, the keyboard is always flickering whenever i scroll. when I tried to remove it, it came back. Plus I don't really like the new discord. It's unnecessary. I am not really getting the handle of it. but is there any options for the old discord verison? An Phone user here.	feature request
Yeah, not bad. But need more extra features and bug fixing.	feature request
This app sucks!! It drops calls and kicks me off when in the middle of texts. It also shuts down as soon as I open it	bug report
The update is HORRIBLE. I can't call my friends on servers. Theres so many glitches, it kicks you out of the call randomly, it wont even let me use the camera anymore. Honestly disappointed	bug report
Does nothing	irrelevant information
When start video call it crash or disconnect	bug report
Icant make a call since yesterday  idont know what is happening,evrytime im making a call its "call failed"ive already un installed and re installed it for howmanytimes but nothing has changed,i am really dissapointed about this i do hope you will able yo fix this.thank you	bug report
It has it bugs	bug report
TextNow is good to have when you don't have any service and you need to make a important call are text	irrelevant information
I like the premise this app is based on, but it's missing capabilities I used often in my previous messaging app. Making calls through the app is a cool feature as you can tell they are encrypted too. I don't know this as a certainty but the calls sound just like calls I've made on encrypted phones.	feature request
This app has been nothing but one issue after another. No I didn't bother with tech support because I never get anywhere with them. Its pretty sad you can't make or receive calls sitting right next to your internet router.	bug report
It's ok, but difficult to get to chat while on call, and difficult to end a call	bug report
This app was good to start but now I'm not getting my texts with a strong signal I can make a phone call or receive them. And I can't validate certain things with this number.	bug report
I bet you any money they're selling every bit of personal information they can get out of you and don't even get me started about the ads	irrelevant information
Thanks for TextNow I got a job and can contact my friends and family. Please send me a free month sim card for my phone so I can use it on WiFi 🙏	irrelevant information
I've had excellent experience using Text Now this time around. I had used it years ago and it was a lousy experience with static phone calls, dropped calls, late messages but none of those problems this time. Wonderful improvements. Would and do recommend it!	irrelevant information
This app now completely locks up and crashes my system UI every five seconds	bug report
Signal app hangs while opening a group! I reported/sent the logs.	bug report
To many spam calls i have about 400 spam calls a week	bug report
Must fix the app, after an update it keeps on crashing now! And still cant send gif files when u do it only comes as a picture to who u send it to. App is barely usable now	bug report
Good experience	irrelevant information
I love this app some much just you have to pay a lot if you really want cool things	irrelevant information
Brilliant	irrelevant information
A bit hard to navigate but otherwise ok!	irrelevant information
It operates in almost real time. It's also user friendly.	irrelevant information
Current version is bugged out. Won't refresh channels.	bug report
Used to be fantastic 5/5 starts. Now, it's just another messaging app since they've removed SMS support. I guess I'll have to move back to FB messenger and SMS and undo all the hard work of getting people moved over to e2e encrypted messaging. Oh well	feature request
Good concept, but not enough features to control how you receive messages, ie, SMS, email. Won't silence either 😫. Quite annoying receiving messages Every. Single. Time. someone joins the group or is added to the group 😬 With some tweets this could be a great app. As it is currently, I'm definitely not a fan. 😐	feature request
This new update is absolutely the worst.. when I call people now it's only on half my screen, is all bugged out, and cannot be fixed. please stop making this app worse with each update.	bug report
Removed sms support and forced you to upgrade to a newer version so you can't keep using it for both. It is decent, but with alternitives that don't require a phone number or one's that still do but offer better functionality, all of which offer e2e encryption, there is no point in signal. Maybe they'll do something to right their ship, but they have a history of ignoring what users want and ask for in favor of "features" no one wants, so I don't hold out any hope, and neither should you.	bug report
I want to inter signal but they don't allow me why for my first time	feature request
This app is absolutely terrible. I can't even stay logged in. Just keeps kicking me out after 10 seconds of being logged in. Wouldn't recommend to anyone. Waste of time and data and now they have access to my information for me not to even be able to use the app.	bug report
Since they announced the removal of SMS/MMS support I can no longer recommend this app. The removal of SMS also removes plausible deniability for people in countries with a repressive government. Signal will probably remain attractive for journalists and whistle blowers. My messages are nearly 100% SMS from medical offices, tradesmen and even banks. I also need to be able to respond with SMS. For me, keeping Signal on my phone is no longer worth it.	feature request
Facing issues in opening the app since more than week. While I am trying to open the app and to make calls it is still loading. Please resolve my issue	bug report
It's aight I guess. Good app but slightly hard to use. I guess it is a me problem though.	irrelevant information
I truly wish this would be the world's messaging platform. It's secure, reliable, & has great features. It's not run by a lying unethical CEO like Whatsapp. It's free, open source software & it's run by a non-profit company. Why people aren't switching in droves, I do not understand.	feature request
Im talking to my friends and it's a great way to communicate with other people	irrelevant information
Doesn't call Android to Apple	bug report
I'm trying to learn how to use it. I'm not sure I understand fully. One come and talk to me on the phone though, she couldn't understand me and she said her voice was coming back at me we tried twice. I just gave up. Maybe it was a connection with Virginia. So that was the phone part . the texting, is kind of tentative, because it doesn't give you the time of the text. So, that can get confusing. 🙄 anyway, it's nice to be able to text, when you lose your main phone and you only have a second p	irrelevant information
No camera working	bug report
The app will not open on my phone, it closes down immediately with a message saying the app has stopped working	bug report
It discounted when I got on	irrelevant information
Only One Thing To Say. The UI Update Ruined The Simplisity To The App. At Least Add The "Old UI" Switch Back To The Appearance Tab.	feature request
Signal is a good app	irrelevant information
They play fair.. they consider the less furtianate . To me personally that's fortunate..	irrelevant information
I have have been using TextNow for a few years but lately it will drop my calls and freezes up and I have to restart my phone just so it will hang up I just ordered a TextNow sim card I hope it don't have same problems after installing the sim card.	bug report
Cant leave. A chat group	bug report
There needs to be a search bar for message content not just names That's why I'm giving this 4 stars	feature request
Takes forever to open. Poor call quality.	bug report
For the longest time i have had Discord at 5⭐️ but i regrettably have to change it, as it has become practically unuseable with the new UI change. I have no idea why you thought to do that, so i would urge you to undo it post-haste.	feature request
I think this app Low security!	feature request
Rarely notifies. I have to check the app to see if someone is IM'ing me.	bug report
Not free texting	irrelevant information
Discord mobile is one of my favorite apps currently to be able to connect with friends, however the recent updates have changed the UI and has its confusing to navigate now. There's also a bunch of bugs and issues with trying to use the app that completely broke and left a sour taste in my mouth. With all the issues and this new UI update I've just canceled my nitro subscription, Much like others because it's the only way to make the devs listen in 2023	bug report
Thanks for reverting back to the old UI!	feature request
Not free. Requires a subscription	irrelevant information
By far the best over similar apps... Only issue I have is the delay at times... I can send a message now and you may get it 2 hours later Oh and calling out to someone, well recently the other party had issues of hearing me.. But they could call me right back and conversation is normal. Oh and now when I get call... Sometimes the app keeps ringing. Idk but my Wi-Fi connection is optimal	bug report
I had a good experience here	irrelevant information
Only issue is the clarity of voice calls.	bug report
This app is terribly slow. Takes forever to load and respond to haptics.	bug report
new ui is trash. reads swipe to view member list remove the having be in the channel filter for message search	feature request
A bunch of servers just went down for everyone. Everything about this app post-UI update has been a disaster.	bug report
Please add Voice message	feature request
solid 4.5/5 now it's like a 3/5 please help me out here!!!	irrelevant information
The latest update took almost the whole page for there ads. Sure we know you need ads to make the app free but to ruin the user experience with an ad that takes up more then half the screen makes me not want to use this anymore. New updates added more ads to your message inbox. just down graded my 2 star to 1...smh	bug report
My account keeps constantly saying connecting and I have to keep deleting it and redownloading it (only works for a few minutes before doing the same thing again). It's never done this and I've had discord for years. The calls also keep saying connecting or knocking out the other person's video randomly and I have to hang up and rejoin for it to work again	bug report
This app is terrible.. It NEVER works properly!!	bug report
Yes St. John Church is rhe place to worship. Always teaching the Bible in every way possible. Our pastor preaches from the Bible. I'm a long time member and I always feel like I'm worshiping and working with family.	irrelevant information
The ok but it's freezes the whole phone nd damn sure freezers the calls even with great wifi the calls still freezes don't connect or choppy or can't hear each other.	bug report
It's AWFUL. It won't even let you call people, it only says "connecting" when i have stable internet. And recently I've been Experiencing glitches, are you able to fix this?	bug report
I've had the app for a while with no problem, but now i cant receive messages.	bug report
Not a bad app. The 15 day lose your number thing. Should be at least 30.	feature request
Uninstalling. Getting notifications for mms but won't load .	bug report
app for work and it's more of an inconvenience than anything.	irrelevant information
I have to constantly back out of the app and reopen it so I can see my messages again. It was working perfectly before the update. Please fix. Thank you	bug report
Was 5 stars. Loss of SMS support is going to cause me to uninstall.	bug report
Cause u can't make calls	bug report
These new updates aren't great while I think separating the DM and servers tabs was a solid idea having a slide to the right to reply function isn't helpful it's annoying I'm used to doing that to view members of the server for easy access in case I need to change roles or generally manage/view their status.	feature request
Even though I connected to internet, when phone is locked and idle, I'm not able to receive calls 😭. Please fix the issue	bug report
Very nice for international calls	irrelevant information
lot but I typed in free	irrelevant information
My calls stay dropping or the person I'm talking to can't hear me all of a sudden its very annoying	bug report
I cannot send messages anymore. Please fix.	bug report
Every time login problems... never worked well even after login.	bug report
So very nice app keep it up	irrelevant information
Starts itself even when not used.	bug report
When i close skype by using back button it dont recieve call..frnds n relative hav to use other IM if they want to get me on skype	bug report
Bugs need fixed. I miss texts . Just dont get them while sitting right in front of my wifi.	bug report
I am unable to join any group plz help	bug report
It used to be fine, however, after the latest update, I cannot see message requests anymore, however just on Mobile. I've tried uninstalling, and reinstalling the app, I've used both Wi-Fi and Cellular data, but still nothing. I hope either this gets fixed soon, or I can find a solution myself, If it's something on my end.	bug report
Please can you hide your phone number of signal	feature request
Worked alright until my number expired, now it's on an infinite loop of telling me I need to change to a new one every time I try to send a message.	bug report
Was a lifesaver . Even with unlimited service I keep it as option just in case ya know ?	irrelevant information
This ap needs to have quicker easier method of deleting old chats	feature request
Better than whatsapp and telegram...🤩	irrelevant information
This app has been a GOD send. It is the only way I can continue contact with some1 very dear 2 me while he is away, working!	irrelevant information
It was working fine til the new update. Now I can't open messages, it keeps closing the conversation. Please fix!	bug report
I've used Signal for years, almost from the very beginning. Over all that time it's been the best app for secure communication between those that also us it, AND as my default SMS messaging app. But with the announcement that they're removing SMS functionality, this app fails. Only one other person I talk to uses Signsl now. So rather than have multiple messaging apps, I'm just deleting Signal.	feature request
I like group me. Just wish it was easier to share pictures from other things with out getting a message that it wouldn't send. Other than that I enjoy it.	feature request
I like it a lot but it doesnt send pictures right away, i would give it 5 stars	feature request
Latest update has a lot of poor UI changes for no good reason. The app worked and looked perfectly fine before. I liked that the mobile version looked just like the desktop application, but now they're making it look like every other mobile messaging app. The higher contrast makes it difficult to read messages, and the new layout doesn't make anything easier to navigate. Stop bloating up the app with useless visuals. Please at least let users choose between the old or the new layout.	feature request
Good texting app. As far as calls. It drops a little bit and it's not totally free. But great for business too.	feature request
I dislike the recent mobile update :,) Server chat bugs, makes it look like I haven't sent the message, when I switch servers or dm the screen doesn't change and I have to close and re-open the app.	bug report
I like discord but i dont like the new changes to the mobile apps ui	feature request
Some things don't work correctly, or are hard to navigate.	bug report
its alright i guess? ive been using it since 2018 but recently my most important account got disabled(falsely), ive sent about 6 submissions and only got 2 answers via email but im being ignored and noone from discord support is replying, currently my account is still up, i just cant log into it because it says "your account is disabled".	bug report
Gave it a 3 because lately I'm having problems with it telling me if people are responding to me, I have not updated because I'm hearing horrible feedback. You need to fix it or I'm deleting it and I'll put in more complaints.	bug report
Keeps kicking me out, lags ALOT. Very disappointed.	bug report
The app is too laggy, call audio is terrible	bug report
This is getting worse but work on the fundamentals and not the bling	bug report
garbage. "enter desired area code" but all 3 from my area are not valid.	bug report
I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling this app. Very disappointed and I know I'm not the only person having this issue. When I load in sometimes won't have any rooms or it will say No Text Channel when I've been able to text there before.	bug report
WhatsApp is better than Skype Skype 🖕🖕🖕🖕	irrelevant information
It's a great experience and friendly user	irrelevant information
Not so good... Not so bad... This app consume huge internet data!	irrelevant information
Good stuff. Eye-earn gives good platform.	irrelevant information
Its ok just really mad that it charged me for 100 min for no reason and if i get a refund it would be ausome	bug report
This app sucks freezes up won't let me text calls heat up my phone. I'm Uninstaller now.	bug report
This app is trash you run out of minutes	bug report
Its better if ur a pc gamer but i still use it	irrelevant information
Call's don't work that well	bug report
Downloaded and couldn't even get a number. It kept saying number unavailable and it wouldn't refresh for new numbers. Deleted	bug report
Use this daily	irrelevant information
There is something wrong with the app. When I use the computer, everything is fine and works as it should. However, when I go to check the app, there are several messages that I have missed and it is really imperative that I do not miss these messages because they are sent to my wife overseas. I have reloaded the app. It appears to work for a few days, and then stops. Thank goodness for the web version! Is there a fix for this? Or will it only work correctly on the computer since the app broken?	bug report
Is good and easy to chat privacy but I hope the updating of it won't get worst but more cute	feature request
I have been using this app since 2017. But all of a sudden and tells me to get a new number. Without a warning notification. I loved this app it has always worked for me. BUT I was looking for a new app and I found a even better app! It's called text free. So far it has been so much better then the current app! DOWNLOAD TRY IT OUT!	bug report
new UI design is bad why fix what isn't broken	feature request
Remove sms support? The ONLY reason i use signal is for its dual functionality. I certain don't need any social media bs on it. Remove sms, i remove signal, i don't need yet another messaging app to communicate with 3 people. Dev has seriously lost their way. Id pay for the app just to keep how it was early last year. Signal is quickly becoming irrelevant and is now deleted as sms support ended. Don't need separate app to.message like 3 people, what an idiotic thing to drop.	feature request
The stability of this app is incredibly awful. I don't know what happened to it lately, but it has been getting worse.	bug report
Great to get connected and is secured	irrelevant information
I ts a good app for chat	irrelevant information
I like it but when you lose your phone for 3 months and then find it was deactivated it's annoying	bug report
Terrible. It isn't letting me get added to new groups. I'm not receiving any messages anymore. The app doesn't work in the slightest and it used to work great. Now it doesn't operate at all	bug report
AWESOME! Great group of people to conversate with.	irrelevant information
the new version kinda, a little bit, makes me wanna KMS not gonna lie. Like I wanna die because you did this.	feature request
Terrible can't login acts stupid	bug report
I have tried to log in with my account, but when I put my D.O.B in and press the 'next' icon, it pauses and does not let me advance. It would be great if you could sort out this issue so I could get back to using Skype regularly.	bug report
great way to have a second line	irrelevant information
I'm sure your product team already knows this, but the day you stop supporting SMS is the day I stop using Signal. It's not practical to maintain two separate messaging apps for the less than 10% of shared contacts that also use Signal.	feature request
The app is great for texting, hate that wifi calling doesn't work as well.   The phone could work better cant hear as well and receivers can't hear you. Also there's a delay.	bug report
I like the app but it has gotten where the only phone calls I get are about me applying for disability, which I have NOT! If I answer it then the call hangs up. I get 25-50 calls a day & I report & block but still they call.	bug report
One more bug, after running discord for a few minutes, it is showing there's not text channels and I've reinstalled discord more than 5 times today. Fix it as soon as possible.	bug report
Privacy chats with my group	irrelevant information
I have been on discord for a very long time, since 2018 and had so much accounts and i genuinely used to LOVE it but the new update is pissing me off, often crashes and a lot of times the buttons just wont work on press so i have to reset the app alot for them to work, also the appearance is weird and clunky and hard to understand and its not just a "thing that you will get used to" i hate it so much.	bug report
It is best of nest more than I can say !!! Thanks !!!	irrelevant information
This WAS a great messaging application until they abruptly removed SMS support. Yes I realise SMS is not secure but completly disabling it as means to communicate with people who arent on signal is not the solution. Switching back and forth between applications based on who im talking to is not something 99% of people are going to be willing to do.	feature request
It's great for texting. Horrible call expience so I give it 3 stars.	feature request
This app in General is amazing but the problem is it always asks us to change our username or pfp and also if you want to use any special sticker or stuff you have to get nitro which alot of us can't have but overall its very good to chat with friends!	feature request
Bit complicated to use & wording of circumstances bit confusing 🤔	irrelevant information
Great. It still works. Like it did before. It still does. Again.	irrelevant information
Awesome app that connects gamers across all platforms. Hop in and out of voice channels with your buddies or direct call for a more exclusive session.	irrelevant information
Why I am not able to purchase nitro with google play Fix this Bug bruh	bug report
It's great for chatting	irrelevant information
Uploading image is too slow	bug report
Forcing updates and takes too much of my little data , hai fok man !!	irrelevant information
This app is trash!!!!!! I wish I could give it No STARS!!!!!!	bug report
Okay but issue filled. Unable to edit or delete a comment also unable toreply directly to a comment. I have a S20 and attempting to send pictures and gifs is beyond frustrating. It has to be the app as I can send the same pics and gifs via text without any hesitation. Message notifications are spotty.	bug report
Love Discord, but the newest update made it impossible to call anyone. Edit: The devs replied to this saying to file a bug report, but considering how many other people are experiencing the same thing and other issues and likely have been reporting it, it's falling on deaf ears. Switch back to Skype, people. At least that site works.	bug report
I want a new update that let's you send videos and see when the person has read the text is typing. That'd be great.	feature request
I literally need to restart my discord so that i could send my messages and photos and sometimes the photos i send will be stucked, please fix mobile bugs	bug report
You haven't seen the picture yet 🤔🤔 I love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️	irrelevant information
Bring back the previous UI	feature request
Dropping sms support	feature request
Phone doesn't work can only text and it runs really slow	bug report
I wish there was no nitro but it's ok	feature request
I used to love this app it was such a life saver. Now since the update it takes forever to load and I don't receive my messages sometimes. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!!	bug report
Text free just suddenly stopped working on my phone. It keeps saying I have to set my phone to the correct date &my phone IS set to the correct date! 09-14-2017!! It wont let me login without "setting my phone to the correct date" and I've tried everything! The app just no longer works! Now I lose all my contacts and text messages! Thanks	bug report
It helps me call people	irrelevant information
It never rings when someone calls me. The connection drops a lot.	bug report
Grrrrreat	irrelevant information
A reasonable way to chat with friends and engage with online communities and finding others who share your interests. But I am somewhat disturbed by how inappropriate some communities can be; I'm not talking about adult content or crass humour, but the downright contempt and vitriol that is sometimes posted or shared without provocation.	irrelevant information
Awesine back up when run out of min utes	irrelevant information
Works as expected	irrelevant information
Why change the format? It's now even more confusing than it was before and not only that I'm having a troublesome time with messaging others! Sometimes the app won't even let me open the conversations I have with other people. Serious downgrade :(	bug report
So new problem! I dont like the new forced ui for multiple reasons but everyone is complaining about that. Today I am complaining about how nearly none of the icons or pictures are loading up cleared cache restarted it nothing it working. If not made it worst. My internet is stable before you auto message. How can you guys that used to be so top become so bad now you became greedy and complient knowing you are the top and not focus on improvement for users	bug report
So far I've had a good experience using this app.	irrelevant information
Would be great if it would let me change my Avi name	feature request
It's now sorta a buggy mess, as if it's heavily un-optimised. Sometimes freezes completely and loading chats now become hardwork for a high-end phone. The PC version works way better than mobile, instead of both working the same way. It's fine other than that. Just please fix and optimise your app, be heavily appreciated.	bug report
Because I can't change my profile picture without nitro	feature request
After last update.. i cant see the msgs i send untill i close the app and reopen it again... this is so annoying and its so upsetting....	bug report
So I tried to use Text Free on my laptop so I tried to sign in with google but I dont allow 3rd party cookie tracking so I couldnt do it that way. After that I decided to make a new account, after filling out my info finding a name that's not taken, providing an email , and doing the captcha, your dumb ash service says 'verify with a phone number' IF I HAD CELLPHONE SERVICE I WOULDNT BE TRYING TO USE A TEXTING APP YOU IDIOTIC DEVELOPERS. Sorry for the negativity , it just irked me.	bug report
I sort of think it sucks cause you don't get much free talk time	irrelevant information
The audio of almost any mp4 file I send turns into a loud static mess. I don't know if it's a mobile discord only thing, but ever since the October update, videos just don't work at all. The new UI for the recent updateis awful. Searching for old messages in servers is so tedious now, because you have to be in a certain channel in order to find what you're looking for.	bug report
I can text anyone but i could not prank call. Also you only get a certain amount of minutes	bug report
Why i can not log into my account!!!!!!!	bug report
Constantly glitches and doesnt update the chat	bug report
I'm having a problem creating an account... Every password i try, is not	bug report
I guess this APP is alright for the time BEING AT when I DON'T have the cash to pay my PHONE BILL I can use this app until I can pay my Bill's its ACTUALLY BETTER THAN I had THOUGHT IT WAS!!!!!!😍😍🤩🤩🌹🦋😇😇😇😇😇😇	irrelevant information
You can't send video but and you can't call friends from textfree	bug report
Imagine being told by EVERYONE that your new UI ******* sucks and responding with 'deal with it' guides? Lmao these updates get more and more rubbish, and everyone's unsubbing/uninstalling. You've given us no alternative options??? Please reflect on your bs agenda.	feature request
mf doesn't work half the time	bug report
I use the app for my kids sports teams and it's useful but I hate that	feature request
Awsome	irrelevant information
Hard to start or setup.	bug report
Nice clear app very useful for my first call	irrelevant information
App crashes every time you try to send a video. Every time.	bug report
I would say it's good for chating but not for calling	bug report
Very good connection and clarity of call	irrelevant information
pretty decent nap when you have only wifi bad Signal on phone 📱🤳🤳	irrelevant information
Since the Update its Always slow loading and I never receive my notifications the older version is much better	bug report
The app does not open at all.	bug report
Not free by any means. Wants 9.99/month for texting.	irrelevant information
This app is AMAZING. Unlimited free talk & text, with no forced video ads.	irrelevant information
It's a god app but I think they need some updates but it's god	feature request
It's nice to be able to have an app like this but there are a lot of ads.	irrelevant information
needs to be fixed for service areas	irrelevant information
Better in user experience, nearly equivalent to desktop/web experience for now. But again, because this app written in React Native, most UI element only work if app is well connected and I am unable to chat (why Discord didn't allow an option enter to send message on IME keyboard), switch channel/guild, or even stuck in a screen if the app isn't connected or unresponsive (and more often for latest update) :((	bug report
unable to use app it won't let you get a phone number	bug report
good but you loss signal	feature request
Worst app trying to register it says email exist if I try to login it says email doesn't exist 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️	bug report
while calling bt not working properly	bug report
can't make or receive calls	bug report
i love Discord the only thing i don't like abt it is when i'm in a call and i play i get very laggy in the game that i'm playing 😭	feature request
Have to pay to do wifi calling	bug report
Very convenient and get to keep up with everything and haven't had any issues with scammers or glitches or pop ups.	irrelevant information
First of all it was a good app but after one year of using I realised that only premium members can access many of the service I mean to boost likes/views , non-premium people can also boost but only upto 800 like that , now I saw an announcement that free keys for one day when I checked out nothing is left there I was very disappointed , u need to give more keys so we can grab too.Theere was only ten keys and how we can grab it? Anyway, please add more options to non-premium people!	feature request
It was a good app but wan I would Watch stream it would be black and white than color than black and white can you please fix this	bug report
I used to absolutely love discord. Some of the updates to the look of it had me sketched out but I eventually got used to it. But this new layout? Its absolutely atrocious to look at. It's hard to use and im now having problems with the app recognizing that im attempting to open a dm when I press on it. It just feels super messy and cluttered, I seriously don't understand the need to separate the dms and servers into two separate tabs... Overall? Very sad at the direction the app is going	feature request
Group's and chats are not loading. Says I have no conversations nor groups I'm apart of when I am. Loads sometimes, and most times says no groups/messages. Issue with newest IOS and groupme version?	bug report
Such a heavy app . I'm using high end latest phone . Still it's just hang up and don't respond	bug report
My Main number	irrelevant information
I love communicating in the groupMe app.	irrelevant information
I'm happy with it and I like chatting on it so I have no problems with it sometimes messages don't get delivered fast enough	feature request
If a contact has multiple numbers you must choose which number to use each time or risk it going to the wrong number.	feature request
It will not let me change the ringtone. Otherwise, it serves its purpose.	bug report
New update has caused an issue where I cannot view channels or servers other than the first one that was opened. Messages work fine though.	bug report
It's kind of odd to me that this phone company doesn't have a phone number to call, I bought a $5 sim card it worked, I changed my number it stopped working, none of the textnow online troubleshooting was working, I follow the rabbit hole and found out that for some reason my phone was recognized in the old SIM card that I had and wouldn't let me activate the new One tech support help me and so my one-star review is going to be changed	bug report
New UI is garbage. The bugs are actually persistent. Screen sharing or "streaming" has dropped in quality and performance. Don't get me started with Bluetooth connection and microphone detection as well.	bug report
Super glitchy and wont let me log in	bug report
Would have been 5 star, but now they're charging you to "lock in" your phone number so you can receive verification texts. Sorry guys but you blew it.	feature request
Cuts in and out, not as stable as whatsapp.	bug report
It has worked pretty good for our carpool.	irrelevant information
Love is in the air thanks signal	irrelevant information
I shouldn't have to repeatedly tell you my birthday. I told you once. It would've taken 10 mins or more to scroll back to my birthday. There's a better way to do it, but you didn't provide that option.	feature request
It keeps saying no numbers available	bug report
Best free app by far.	irrelevant information
A very handy and easy to use app,very good guys done a good job	irrelevant information
Lots of bugs sending and receiving messages and calls	bug report
Sound quality for me was crappy!	bug report
this is a consistent connecting app	irrelevant information
I'm getting poor reception. using the long distance phone number to save on long distance calls. we can barely hear each other. text works great	bug report
it always says error message cant be sent	bug report
Been trying to transfer account onto a new phone for the past hour without success. Went online for support only to find everyone else having the same problem since 3 years ago	bug report
Wth... was awesome at first, now to use it, it has to be paid membership... and still have ads.... what's the point of using this.... not free.. awful	bug report
Hey, the code you send me to my phone number doesn't work. I've tried multiple times but it just doesn't match but I'm rrally sure its the code you send me. Please fix this and I will rate you higher but I'm just really frustrated right now.	bug report
Ok GOOD APP CHEF'S KISS,buti can't sign into my account because it says 'already existing account' or something,and when I try making I new one the 'verify email's thing pops up and I just can't sign in!	bug report
TextNow sim deactivated and they refuse to re-enable	bug report
I wish they would add the Arabic language to the app	feature request
A lot of lagging. Unable to delete chats and groups.	bug report
The new ui should have been an optional change. It's buggy, it's messy it isn't good.	feature request
Good texting app but with ads taking up half The screen in is not the best	feature request
Always freaks out on me, takes forever to load past the into screen, flips between a blank black screen and the into screen, but its an ok app for being free	bug report
Need more credits	irrelevant information
Effective, well designed app to communicate with friends (individually and as a group). Also nice for chatting while gaming (though there's some slight lag), watching things together and much more!	irrelevant information
Recently I haven't been receiving text messages or phone calls. It was working fine before. I keep seeing missed calls but it never rings. Hopefully I can start using it again soon.	bug report
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't guess because it's free we can't complain 🤷🏾‍♂️	bug report
I think this app is only good to use as back up call or text msg not for daily use .	irrelevant information
Can't get codes texted to the number unless u pay extra for this and that and whatever else u need it for	bug report
Great, quick and easy. It's fantastic	irrelevant information
Nice job for the first time	irrelevant information
The text don't send some times. The little notification on the corner of the app icon says I have a new text but there isn't one. I am constantly getting  text, pictues and calls from people I do not know. Some times the people I am sending text to never get the text even though it shows that it sent on my end. I only use the app because my phone has been turned off and I need to reach people.	bug report
Without SMS support this is useless	feature request
Everytime I log out, it wouldn't let me log in again even though the password was correct	bug report
Does not deliver messages on time does not connect calls does not put calls through	bug report
When it works, it's not bad at all.  But sometimes texts show up way late, like 1hr later, which, of course, pretty much makes them useless.  This is with a strong, solid wi-fi signal, so signal was not an issue.  In the exact same environment, texts to Google Voice were received immediately.  Not surprisingly, I am now using Google Voice for texting instead.	bug report
I cant log in it keeps Putting me on the same screen like i csnt sign in at all	bug report
Good and reliable	irrelevant information
I am enjoying using the application	irrelevant information
Have had issues with messages going out and being received	bug report
___ QuickBooks Blog ￼ Start Your Business Run Your Business Grow Your Business What's New Tools ￼ COVID-19 What is the loan forgiveness covered period for a PPP loan? By Myranda Mondry April 1, 2021 Disclaimer: Regulations and guidance from the SBA and the U.S. Department of Treasury on the PPP are evolving rapidly. Please refer to the latest guidance from SBA and Treasury to confirm current program rules. Through the  Paycheck Protection Program  (PPP), small business owners and o	irrelevant information
It always forces close	bug report
It would have been 5 stars, but when I made a call using the app, I gave permission for the app to access my contacts. While on the call, the app messaged more than half my contacts with a code. I hung up quick or it would have messaged everyone. I dont trust this app anymore. Sorry. Someone will go through your personal information and try to share it with your contacts while calling on this app. Texting is ok. For now.	bug report
mob got heat when it is running for 20 min	bug report
I genuinely hate the new layout sm. And the notification dots don't go away unless I look at the messages directly. Also for some reason I don't have the button to switch back like others do	feature request
Less responsive to text and picture media while in an active phone call and constantly charges my account$2 a week for locked in that I've already paid for yearly and fails to receive and reveal codes or authentications.	bug report
no excuses. Verification process sucks	bug report
I've been using Signal for years, and it's been mostly terrific. But the fact they're dropping sms support means to keep it, I'd have to use two different messaging apps, and that's just not gonna happen. So sadly I'll be getting rid of it soon. I'd recommend to people in the same boat, that if you want to send secure texts, just use a burner you paid cash for, and one that you can put money on with cash.	feature request
Kinda work sometimes but ALWAYS opens a giant unclosable ad that can cancel your call because you have to close the entire app to end it as there is no X to close the ads. Sometimes it won't even call and instead just shows an unclosable ad.	bug report
Text now becomes give me your money now. Wifi texting isn't a new discovery. Please	irrelevant information
Haven't used it much yet, but it seems pretty good!	irrelevant information
Thanks for sabotaging the app by removing sms, smart play	bug report
After the last update the app takes forever to load, its useless 😭	bug report
Is having trouble receiving pictures. Sent over two email to pinger support and no one has contacted me about the problem. Uninstalled the app twice already and still have the same problem	bug report
I originally made my account many years ago and I had a different phone	irrelevant information
Has room for improvement	irrelevant information
I haven't download yet. Don't like I have to delete so many other apps just to download GroupMe. Also when the group is on text messager, I get these annoying pop ups that show up when watching a video. The pop ups make a alert sound that goes on into early morning. I had to turn off sound or turn off phone altogether.	feature request
It was good but now im out of min. So now its not good bc i dont wanna earn min or buy them so now its worthless. But thanks for the couple free calls i made while it still worked. 👍	feature request
I had discord for 1 year and now I can't even talk to my friends because it what's me to verify by email and I tried that so many times and still it's doesn't work so please fix it or take it away	bug report
DO NOT use this app. It is dangerous to your phone. It demands ACCESS to your emails. It WILL block access to your phone with banner ads that slow down tour phone. It will BLOCK access to the phone's functions untill you've viewed these ads even though the phone is NOT being used. REPORT THIS APP TO GOOGLE.	bug report
To clarify yet again, i am aware of how to use the new UI. I just agree with a large number of others that its a degrade from the old. Also, (and please address it this time instead of directing me to a users guide because this is a BUG), when i try to take a photo within the app and attach it to a message, discord crashes and restarts more often than not- which has been going on long before the UI update. Its frustrating, because i lose the photo i took. Again, why not fix bugs instead of UI?	bug report
Perpetual " connecting" error even though the wifi and the mobile signal were perfect.	bug report
Very bad connection can't answer the phone at time phone freezes.	bug report
Does what it's supposed to, but since November 1 2021 to now Feb 7, 2022, it's been absolutely eating my mobile data(7.75GB used), and I don't have an unlimited data plan, so it's highly concerning that a texting app is crushing Netflix, and other video streaming apps on my phone for data usage, when all its supposed to be doing is sending texts and the occasional pic.	bug report
Works great. I use a tablet as opposed to a phone due to mobility issues.	irrelevant information
Free phone number within wifi, i love it. However, i am not 100%satisfied bc i believe this app should have hacker protection.	feature request
Add last seen and online status. Will be Great	feature request
App is garbage. If i try to use any other app while on hold, the screen starts flashing and becomes unusable unless i reboot my phone. WASTE OF TIME TO DOWNLOAD. All support does if you complain is to tell you to upgrade to the newest version. GREAT! Now i have UPDATED GARBAGE.	bug report
I really like this application this good and awesome they really tried alot but this App doesn't show time online	bug report
This is so underrated. The day people actually use this, I'm sure they will ditch WhatsApp and such other apps, if there are any. This is actually the best. Good work Team Signal.	irrelevant information
Constant updating with no discernable benefit; then leaves a shortcut on my desktop that I have to delete. Unable to delete messages individually like email, WhatsApp or text messaging can, so they take up room forever. Can't edit profiles easily.	feature request
The app is so bad. Build a real app, ffs, don't just use a chrome web shell.	bug report
Love discord, best communication platform out there. But now the android app has been filled with constant visual bugs that force me to close and reopen the app. Happens enough that it is a daily occurrence and other friends have confirmed they have similar experience. I've heard they switched to react native rather than a native android app so that's probably the reason.	bug report
Love it still	irrelevant information
..only ting I don't like? Their strong arm tactics to get your verifications	irrelevant information
I enjoy the ease of getting in contact with friends and family.	irrelevant information
cant get it to work	bug report
Crashes occasionally or lags between tabs.	bug report
Good but...too slow and top many missing features	bug report
3rd 2q and I will be there in party Tt Tx at 3qr	irrelevant information
There's a problem, Everytime I try to open discord It exits the app😭	bug report
It takes a lot of time to load. Loading pictures and videos takes like forever. Loading skype special emojis takes a lot of time and sometimes these doesn't even load at all.	bug report
The ap has alot of bugs I will try to open the app and all my server chats are gone or it makes it so I can't chat but besides that it's great	bug report
Good for those that use it	irrelevant information
Its cool and well secured	irrelevant information
New update = awful performance. Recent update reworked the UI and with it came much worse performance. The app now prioritizes messaging as opposed to servers. Really hoping this update doesn't make it to desktop.	bug report
My go to app for Voice and Video calls with my loved ones far away. Love the interface, I'm sure Microsoft could come up with ways to make it better. Only downside I had with using Skype was when sharing my screen & audio. The audio of that was not loud enough to the person I shared the video with.	feature request
Had a scam experience, it seemed pretty sketchy, so I contacted support. They got back to me right away and confirmed that it was a scam and made sure to report the users issuing it Thanks for keeping my info safe.	irrelevant information
I've been using Discord for about 7 years at this point, I've always considered it a 5/5 app. However the new update is extremely user unfriendly, shoving a bunch of info into separate screens and doubling the time it takes to do anything, from checking PMs to simply looking at the online list for a server. The previous layout was seemlees and genius in its simplicity. The new one makes it a chore to use the app, and I hope the people in charge realize their mistake sooner than later.	feature request
Some disapointing differences between desktop and mobile and there's a lot of server crashes. Nitro is almost a must for the discord experience but it's pricy	feature request
Reverse the update already	feature request
Doesn't work probably.	bug report
Nice if law would not steal my info	irrelevant information
HORRIBLE APP I SWEAR I HAD 20 MINUTES ON MY PHONE AND WHEN I CALLED SOMEONE FOR 10 SECONDS I ONLY HAD 0 LEFT DO NOT GET THIS APP IT IS HORRIBLE!!!	bug report
I really like that this app is easy to use. You can silence the groups whenever you need to. I wish is was an easier way to go back to old messages without having to scroll back so far. Otherwise, very easy and simple way to communicate with groups of multiple people.	feature request
Why are you taking so much money off my card, 2x in Nov. and now 2x Dec. Stop the stealing 😮‍💨🤬	irrelevant information
I don't understand everything yet, but I do enjoy what I know	irrelevant information
Had it for a lil under a ur was working fine but know I cant even open the notification setting to set the notification I have to open the app to c if I have received a message.	bug report
great way to talk to a lot of people and keep in touch!	irrelevant information
The new interface is unintuitive, buggy and very, very slow. Selecting a server sometimes takes over a second for the app to respond, with no visual indication of whether it actually accepted your press (which is annoying, because the lag makes it sometimes ignores your press if you don't hold it long enough). Still two stars because it still allows you to send and receive messages once you've managed to reach your chat. Most of the time.	bug report
I really like discord, but for some reason is always bugging and not connecting when I restart the app. This is a serious issue that blocks me from using discord time and time again.	bug report
New update is not accessible. I hate the layout, I don't like how the servers and the messages are accessed from different pages. The video call layout is hard to navigate. There change in background colour makes things more difficult to read (yes it's still gray, but it's a different shade). Also I've found that video quality is much worse since the update. Videos are glitching and freezing so often that we can't see or hear each other, to the point of us looking for a different app. Change it!	feature request
Its cool for a group only for a short period of time.	irrelevant information
I would love to keep my phone number which is what I'm doing the butt there was saying is you can't call anyone on there they have to call you so if you download this game it's best for you to keep it because there's people that you were texting and calling and things like that and if you change it they won't know your phone number unless you tell them before you do it now another thing is if I could please just call my my friends and my girlfriend my mom my dad my uncle that would be great	feature request
I am extremely unimpressed. I've been using discord for years now. At least since 2020. Since the force discord update discord has been acting up so much it's making my phone and laptop overheat. Not only has the new layout completely messed with my muscle memory, it also hasn't been giving notifications or allowing me to report bug issues or call my friends. A bug issue I face quite a lot in the past few days is when I try to send a text, it won't send. Then sends 10 texts. Please fix this.	bug report
It is absolutely horrendous. when I try to change my password it always never works, It sometimes says; "It needs to be '6 or more characters" or "needs to be 72 characters below". There is also another problem when changing your pass, I made it a difficult password it says invalid token.	bug report
Other person does not hear unless they stay on for 2 min because you called them earlier on different phone to let them know your are calling to test the app	bug report
I am not able to get notifications of messages. I've checked all my settings and reinstalled app to no avail.	bug report
Breaks up most calls	bug report
Dout this isn't app that you can download music too huh need to workout that too	irrelevant information
Too many ads. I need, to be able to use the phone, without worrying if I'm near a WI FI or not. Sorry.	irrelevant information
Since update my discord is very slow have to open and close like 5 times to see messages.	bug report
It is soo slow you cant keep the number they give you until you get a member ship pr something text now is so much better	bug report
Good chat app.	irrelevant information
Watching ads don't give minutes. Scammers. You care more about your ads than the function of your apps. Uninstalled and good luck to you!	bug report
CAN'T call out but it uses up my minutes	bug report
Sucks.  I cannot see who has called or what missed calls I have.  Need to be fixed.	bug report
Update, got new phone but idk only me or someone have same issue like bug on interface, and I just using wifi but sometimes take alot time to load 1 channels.	bug report
Every update is worse then the next	bug report
Amazing, I use it for most of my communication with friends. My only gripe with it at the current time being is that the ui isn't updated for S23+. Replies, editing, etc. Shows up as a squashed element, leaving a gray bar down the middle of my screen and no buttons to press.	feature request
Prevouis Message... I was able to locate the deleted message.. Thank you	irrelevant information
I love how this is a messaging app that's just a messaging app. No annoying social media hook trying to mine your data. I know it's for privacy, but I wish there was a way to back up to the cloud. And sometimes, the app takes a little too long to deliver a message, even when there are no network issues. But it's infrequent enough to not be a bother. Definitely the best messaging app out there. I love it.	feature request
Think this is the dam reason why....	bug report
didn't even work enough to sign up.	bug report
sometimes it's stops and network is busy	bug report
Disappointed that they are disabling SMS messaging since it works well as a messaging app. I will uninstall when SMS support goes away and go back to Samsung's messaging app. It's Signal's loss.	feature request
It terrible	bug report
The app was great. Love the end to end encryption but having to move to a second app to keep texting people that don't have signal is a deal breaker. I will continue until sms/mms support drops then I'm out	feature request
completely terrible app	bug report
You guys are NEVER active. Whenever someone actually has a problem you do nothing about it, BUT when the timing is wrong you ban them.... I've been using this app for YEARS and nothing changed. The mobile layout sucks too	feature request
Provide the international calls with expensive rates	irrelevant information
I can't share my screen for some reason the screen goes black, nobody can see what I'm sharing. Can you please fix that. I have a Samsung S20 FE	bug report
I really do enjoy using this app. I suggested using this app for a company group chat to post scheduling and for updates on events going on at the place I work. It's made it easy to message coworkers I don't have numbers to and even my employer and coworkers have thanked me for suggesting it. It's simple and easy to use making it easier for the rest of us.	irrelevant information
Not worth it.	irrelevant information
It's OK, but not really comparable to the web interface. One feature that's glaringly missing is the "Inbox" feed of all unread messages.	feature request
If u r able to operate in UAE then we would love to get back to you guys. So please work on that.	irrelevant information
Disappointed by app behavior and privacy leak. I force stopped the app several times from the Skype app info... Yet it keeps overruling me and remain active in the background. If on an android device an app is Force Stopped, it suppose to stay remain closed and inactive until the user chooses to use/activate/wake the app again. I also have been contacted by a group I never shared my contact information with required to be able to contact me. Missing ability to report before blocking user/group.	bug report
new UI update is AWFUL. revert if you can and disable auto updates, slow as hell and more confusing for no reason. can't even search the full server anymore, you HAVE to search one thread at a time	feature request
Not sending picture messages anymore. It says that message is not going througg	bug report
It's fine but everytime I enter the app is always says "Set up TextNow to send and receive messages and calls" even though I gave it the permissions! It's ANNOYING!	bug report
Never gave out number but getting sales calls. I have received numerous calls from non-working numbers or numbers that don't accept incoming calls. I have texted one friend and called another since having this app. They are obviously selling your number to anyone and everyone.	bug report
Unreliable. Every update comes with new issues impacting very basic chat functionality.	bug report
Return to the old layout *NOW*	feature request
Great app, but it's quite hard to get people to actually start using it. As always with markets as full of walled gardens as messaging is. For those who already have Signal though, it's brilliant.	irrelevant information
Faster and better than Facebook & Gmail	irrelevant information
App is good but you can't see whether someone is online or not.	feature request
internet connection access	feature request
1 star until you fix your last screw up The new interface is horrible. Not only you enforced the useless "swipe-to-reply" feature, but also removed the "swipe-to-see-members-list" feature along the way. How did this update even pass testing. Do you guys not let some users try it out beforehand? - An absolutely disapppointed 8-year discord user who buys nitro regularly.	feature request
This is totally not good...Soo many inominous calls and texts...It gets stuck every time i start chatting...Asking for soo many information when necessary..👎	bug report
It has become very bad. Does not send codes	bug report
I'm pretty sure Signal unknowingly hired a deep state bad actor who is working tirelessly to ruin the app. Why can't I change the color of chats and keep mine gray or blue? Why do I have to chance the color of MY chat bubbles in every chat? Group chats are trashed now, and MMS is unreliable af. Please revert to the chat options from 3 years ago.	feature request
Sometimes it doesn't receive pictures. What do I do?	bug report
I'm very upset, I just had to reinstall the app so I could log in. It logged me out on its on and it deleted half of my messages(important) and calls. I've paid to have ads removed because I like the app but now y'all are tripping.....I need y'all to recover all my information asap😤😠😡	bug report
This app is so great for communicating, sharing any information and is very easy to use!	irrelevant information
Whenever i tried to relog into my account, it wont work. I tried multiple times and even made alt accounts. I cant relog into them whenever I log out or uninstall	bug report
Nice update but the problem is the buttons for the roles or to react isn't showing up	bug report
The newest UI update is terrible. We didn't ask for it. You didn't need to fix what wasn't broken. You have to shuffle through three menus to find what you are looking for. Even ruined dark mode. It doesn't sync with desktop anymore. I didn't want text to pop. You had a decent grey background that was fine, but that was is gone. Hopefully you didn't wreck voice chat with this "update"	feature request
The best app for peaceful chatting... can you make the app autosync with the desktop app when you connect to the desktop app? Some people trying to register can't get OTP via phone number.	feature request
Calls drop all the time you barley can have a decent conversation it gets frustrating because the other line can be talking and you hear them but they can't hear you. IF you don't have Wi-fi you might as well don't use the app because you might get heard or you might not long story short it's bad but good service cause the 2nd number but it's just difficult using because only wi-fi..	bug report
Discord just asked me for feedback, so this is exactly what they'll get. I just went through a bunch of reviews lambasting Discord's latest mobile UI changes, marking them as helpful. You should, too. This is because the latest changes Discord made to the mobile app have made it slower, more buggy, and significantly less navigable than ever before. In the past, I would have recommended it, but currently, I'd say skip it unless absolutely necessary.	bug report
You can't escape Google spyware, but this will get you one step closer to privacy.	irrelevant information
Hate it works when it wants too....GETRIN ON MY NURSE...	bug report
I hate because I have too get minutes	bug report
Showed text messages then when i open they are not there!!!	bug report
Can't lie the recent update on android is awful, there's now a lack of seamless transition between direct messages and servers are very disjointed. No longer are you able to just swipe in and out of a DM, maybe this is on old devices but the transition animations seem to now be longer and more disruptive. Genuinely ruins the user's experience.	feature request
Works like a charm!	irrelevant information
This was a great app until it locked me out of my account and told me I needed to verify to get back in. It keeps saying it sent a verification email, but I haven't gotten one! Can someone please help me access my account? I use this number and I need it. I can't find any kind of customer service to contact to resolve this.	bug report
It's not working what happened	bug report
Used up 54% of battery with 7 texts and 2 calls under 3mins. Ads open up in separate tab on google search then in google play store.	bug report
I bought the lock in number for a one time use, certain verification code. They still have a problem sending the code. I would give more stars. Help	bug report
after the update it wont let me do anything , all it says its loading . and it says that i have called people i never did .	bug report
Reception is bad	bug report
why is my mute button is dissappear?	bug report
It's great but all valls echo!	bug report
Perfect for the need.	irrelevant information
I thought that I would be able to make more calls	bug report
You banned me in my old account after I got tricked to click a link :(	bug report
The new UI is absolutely atrocious. It makes everything way more confusing + difficult and it makes my eyes hurt. For the love of God, PLEASE change it back.	feature request
Doesnt work anymore every time you try to call out it will change your number and give you the this number has been disconnected signal which is bs	bug report
I've been using your service for years. I'm faithful to you guys. thank you.	irrelevant information
the reason i put one star bc it woulded let me put 0 star and by the way text now is better! so not to all people not to install so yeah!!	irrelevant information
It's fine but it laggs alot and freezes most of the time then I have to download it again to make it work	bug report
Can't register a number. Every number immediately says it was terminated due to inactivity. Really? After 5 seconds? 4 times in a row? This app worked great like 7 years ago on my ipod touch. Now won't work at all.	bug report
It's very good app. Connection has to be good or the app doesn't have clarity when speaking	bug report
Not sure this update was an improvement. I can no longer swipe to see the user list and I can't disable swipe to reply without enabling the launchpad feature. Messages don't load properly when you switch channels. I'd love an option to revert back to the previous UI. This just isn't cutting it. I'm only using my desktop version now. Update: Discord seems to be doubling down on the new UI, so I've canceled my Nitro sub until we we have the ability to toggle back to the old UI	feature request
Good app but why does it not allow me to send an SMS to a recipient that does not have Signal using data	feature request
The calls are inconsistent and the ads are to large what 8s the point of having a back ground	bug report
This app vry secure, I love it❤	irrelevant information
Helps to keep me connected to my class mates	irrelevant information
I'm trying to link up with people I need to be reset it's not letting me search for my group this app sucks ass	bug report
I dont understand why i have to pay to get sent a code.	irrelevant information
Great for Emergencies	irrelevant information
The new UI is utterly dogshit. I don't understand why they changed something that was fine and nobody complained about.	feature request
It's an okay app, Ive been using for years now but it keeps pausing my Spotify no matter what I do, I won't even be on a call and it pauses, I close the app it pauses. I know I can just disconnect Spotify from being connected to my account but I like having it on my profile and friends can see what I'm listening to, and it wasn't like this before, only just recently.	bug report
Easiest and fastest way to communicate with a group.	irrelevant information
Skype is a very cool app to make calls to any place of the World, very good support and it has very great subscriptions to call to too many places a very good prices, just I would like a subscriptions have included the text messages, because the rates to send texts messages is a little high and would must support MMS, not just SMS. I have a USA number and it works very well on device, like as phone, tablet or computer. I love to use Skype, really I'm a very happy user.	feature request
Between ALL of the texting apps out there, this was the only one that connected to my Google Voice. However your calls will get interrupted by ads, the calls will drop randomly, sometimes the person on the other line won't be able to hear you, ALSO you can't multitask while on the phone. So if you're okay will all of that then sure this app is great.	bug report
hear me..... So I have to restart my phone😡😡😡😡😡	bug report
New Ui is horrible and confuses me	feature request
I'm receiving messages delayed but sometimes 20 minutes. When someone calls it doesn't ring... So annoying	bug report
Great! Except for the sound not always working on notifications.	bug report
It works out fine so far... i dont have any major issues with the app	irrelevant information
Wish I could rate lower. Forced updates before you can text?! Stories! What are we 3? Jumped the shark. Gone from iterrating on useful features to adding bloat. So much disappointment. Forced updates just to add emoji suck. But please have me verify my pin again and again.	bug report
Loved the app for years and recommended to many others. With the removal of SMS, we're jumping ship. Terrible move Signal, what were you thinking?	feature request
It sometimes stupid	irrelevant information
Its good but when I try to call someone else with text free it doesn't let me.	bug report
All I want on this phone it's to be able to call end text with my friends that's all I want on this phone	feature request
Pretty good app..looses data connection alot	bug report
Just like 👍 texting on it	irrelevant information
It doesn't let me in it says there were a problem and wants me to sign out and back in	bug report
Excellent as always	irrelevant information
It's good in terms of service but not good in terms of the mobile app It runs extremely slow on my tablet even though it ran perfectly fine before the update and even crashes when I type too fast, this new mobile update sucks! (Don't tell me it's because of my tablet I use a 2019 tablet).	bug report
12/18/23 update is absolute garbage. It changed the whole UI and we hate it. Put it back to how it was before!	feature request
Crashes so much please fix it	bug report
This app is excellent. I was able to talk with friends from far distant places.	irrelevant information
Ads take up more screens then the actual app.. the while you're trying to text a random video starts playing... some pop up ads are delayed on purpose so you think its popping up and you tap to close it up just end up Tapping the ad... non of this is set up to be useful to the user.. its all a money grab... I understand you needs ads but this is abuse and should be investigated.	bug report
not much to say to many bugs used it a hand full of times keep it on my device just in case some I meet prefers the app	irrelevant information
some bug i can't fix	bug report
chats load, whether I wait for 20 seconds or 20 minutes. Also, the group	bug report
Great app for a communal family setting to communicate	irrelevant information
Don't weast your time and data for this app, it keep on change number	bug report
>le change ui for no reason >proceeds to bring in even more bugs to an already buggy app >discord becomes even more unusable >goodbye quality control hello pay to win messaging app	bug report
If the person doesn't pick up your ears bleed.	bug report
I love this app, it's one of the best messenger I have used so far.	irrelevant information
It is an okay app. I can message my friends with no problem. It is difficult to add friends.	feature request
Discord's image sharing broke in this update. When I tried to send a message in a server, it sent to the last DM i was in. Not sure how they managed to do that.	bug report
Just a great messaging service. Love ❤️ it thankyou	irrelevant information
How am i supposed to pay you if you wont accept my debit card??!!!	bug report
Skype is good again only Gif is not working.	bug report
Awesome 👍 Thanks Thank You Ya All AlbertRuth W.,,	irrelevant information
textfree is not workin and its saying like textfree has stoped everytime i get on	bug report
Every time I try and text it freezes and force closes. I used to love this app. Now its just agravating. Please fix.	bug report
Overall UI/UX experience is good, but only issue which I as well as my other colleagues face is it doesn't show notifications if phone is locked, irrespective of silent or ring mode. Now new issue is that doesn't ring when getting a call. The missed calls are also know when we open the app. Please it notifications are not well received at user and sysncwd with mobile devices. So I'll give a 2 star.	bug report
The entire app could have a way faster response and loading time and it slows my phone down when I'm using it	bug report
It's such a large, resource sucking app (soooo much RAM) that it lags and	bug report
No longer shows message counts on home screen icon. Unread message count inside the app stuck on two, even though all messages have been read.	bug report
YA LES DI DULINGO PARA REABRIR SIGNAL....AHORA PORQUE PIDEN QUE CIERRE MAS APP.?.	bug report
I like the app, had it on my samsung s4 phone, and got it on the samsung tab A, but thing is, on the tablet, it doesnt make any noise when incoming text come in, so miss people's texts....only know I got some text, cause my phone would make the sound for incoming text.	bug report
Easy and functional	irrelevant information
Was free now requires ads to be watched or pay for time.	feature request
Often fails to transmit messages , asking me to resend on a regular basis.	bug report
It's really convenient.	irrelevant information
Very great application.	irrelevant information
I have tried for 3 days to reset my password and the email never comes. I still havent gotten it fixed.	bug report
The new layout definitely brought people by surprise with most people hating it (myself included). After some time of getting used to it, it's whatever. The main issue I have is the status messages, which we can't see easily anymore. I use Discord as my main messaging app. Some cool features: adding connections, which is pretty much linking your socials, so if you wanna publicize, there it is; you can share what you're doing; and customize your profile in many ways.	feature request
Good form of communication for all operating systems	irrelevant information
Hi. The app works better than WhatsApp and other video calling apps ... only problem im facing is that my Samsung Note 8 battery drains really really fast when im on call and the phone heats up. A LOT. I don't want to be the first person whose Samsung note 8 burst while on call!	bug report
I think discord need more feauture	feature request
Voice call bug on android, every time i played roblox my voice call stopped (forcr close) it self, i hope you can give me suggestion to stop this bug bcs its so annoying.	bug report
Good chat for our group	irrelevant information
My friends and I use it to plan get togethers every week. However it recently failed to send one of my messages. It always stayed at the bottom and wouldn't hide when I chose that option. I had to reinstall to get rid of it!	bug report
i can't set up a picture and I can't save pictures that family sent to me	bug report
Used to be the best, but due to non-support for communication with non-signal users Telegram is better.	feature request
This last update is horrible. Cant even see my friendlist, only the recent DMs and those who are online. It completely destroys to have we have been used to. I truly hope it will be reverted back, otherwise ill have to uninstall it from my phone. Its just way too inconvinient.	feature request
It was good!	irrelevant information
May Allah rest you. Have a great night. Amen	irrelevant information
Why it download 2 times I think it should be improved	bug report
I do not understand this app. I do not see any kind of guide on how to function it.	irrelevant information
I got it because my beloved said it was easy to use	irrelevant information
I like this app its ok i rated 3 stars bc i think there could be more to it	irrelevant information
There's a bug that wont let me verify the captcha thingy can you fix that please?	bug report
I love it an it comes in handid	irrelevant information
I'm dropping this due to lack of sms support. Major shame.	feature request
Cook for you	irrelevant information
This app has been a good alternative to the other chatting apps out there. Does what the other ones do, and then some. Better in a number of ways.	irrelevant information
Nice 👍 easy to use perfect application	irrelevant information
Tells me everyone who has group me doesn't and vice versa. Dumpster fire of an app and not worth the hassle	bug report
very good place for getting friends on	irrelevant information
The app has poor call quality over a perfectly good fiber optic network	bug report
It is ok.	irrelevant information
Messages distribution lagging a lot recently	bug report
Can't create an account. "an error has occurred" smh.	bug report
It won't let me send vids AT ALL. 3sec vid? No. 1 sec vid? Still no. I wish you did not FEEL like you you have to pay to send even a millisecond vid. All I can send is screen shots, not even irl pics. I just want to send irl and screen vids and irl pics	bug report
I use Skype almost everyday, but sometimes, which is now more often, it	bug report
It is great if u have 2 use a iPad not a phone.	irrelevant information
connectivity is not reliable. 15% connectivity at the most.	bug report
back to it after finishing reloading.	bug report
Hi I would recommend this site because this is very accessible to talk to a person I need to talk abroad, thank you	irrelevant information
Great chat app	irrelevant information
Don't forget to bring your time	irrelevant information
Would be four or five stars but clyde bot sucks and keeps kicking me from calls whilest i wait for my friends	bug report
Perfect connection ! Amazing . Thank you	irrelevant information
New update made the app so unfunctional. The layout is very hard to understand, and lately the app has been glitching so many. Like everytime I open a DM it'll stay on that one persons DM page no matter where I click. Same thing the servers. It glitches out and I have to close the app and reopen it, and this happened multiple times. It also lags when sending messaging now for some reason? None of these things happened before. And if they did they usually fix themselves in a few seconds.	bug report
Stupid, deleted all texts, wants to delete my number	bug report
I text someone and it keeps coming back again like no sent!	bug report
Good for wifi texting 👏	irrelevant information
Ive used this app for 2 yrs its great ty text now	irrelevant information
I had my number for over 3 years and had hundreds of contacts then all of a sudden my account was disabled for no reason. I tried again 2 more times and they both got disabled again after a short time!! Very frustrated.	bug report
Tried to use it to keep in touch with an old friend. Did not work. He's a tech head (degree and 15 years in IT) and nor could he.	bug report
When ever i am singning in its automatically sign out...Then i have to agajn sign in but the same problem	bug report
This app is just ok. Useful at times but far from perfect. This app needs some spit and polish.	irrelevant information
It's great but the new verification email thing is so annoying. It's literally so annoying I need to do that to get in to a discord server and it doesn't even work it doesnt sent the email or verification thing	bug report
Previously I said the new update wasn't good and gave a few reasons why since then I have encountered a dozen more bugs and glitches that and the horrible new ui make this by far the worst update I've ever seen discord try to roll out. It doesn't do anything well and achieved absolutely nothing new. Please for the love of God go back an update or fix the horrific mess that is navigating the mobile app	bug report
What a shame Signal is attempting to copy social media apps instead of providing a simple & secure way to message people.	irrelevant information
Yeah it's Kool	irrelevant information
It's not giving me an option for a free trial for the plus if I'm gonna pay 10 dollars a month I would at least like to know it's worth it before paying that much	feature request
Good: I really appreciate the ability to set volume level for each person separately. Meh: I've had intermittent problems getting Discord to use my Bluetooth headset on my phone. These days it usually works if I connect the headset before I start Discord. Bad: in a video call with 3 friends, the app rarely shows all video feeds. Usually I see 1 video tile + 3 static tiles. And the video crops to a tile instead of scaling down; on vertical screen I only get a narrow slice of my friend's face.	feature request
If I got notifications more consistently I could rate higher	feature request
Awful user interface update, it's clunky and gigantic, uses way too much space and just plain doesn't make sense in any context. Edit: The longer I use it, the worse it gets somehow. There's no muscle memory to be made, it's just awful, through and through.	feature request
WAY too many ads to the point you'll be in the middle sending a text and they will pop up and I have often accidentally downloaded apps because of it. Texts also sometimes take FOREVER to send and be received. Otherwise it's not terrible although the lack of encryption is VERY concerning so you should be careful what you send to people.	bug report
It is Soo annoying that the status option of invisible is not working properly on Skype. If we set our status as invisible on Skype as soon as we close and open the app again it is showing as active which such an annoying glitch!! Hope this will be fixed soon.	bug report
Good 50.00 I rrr the rrr y you tube to sleep on the day of	irrelevant information
Very good alternative	irrelevant information
Easy to use, secure and reliable	irrelevant information
ads r a little annoying for some reason people say they cant hear me or im not coming threw even though we live in the same town and i have 5g internet pls fix this as ive always used this app for important phone calls now i have to spend $60 on phone cards.. Thanks	bug report
Update: Decided to reinstall this app and now it's working again. So far so good, 12-07-20 Since the last update, it crashes all the time, can't use anymore..... Good app when working.... Works on my other phone, but not on my main cell....	bug report
Does not call everywhere has a couple bugs still	bug report
It won't let me send pictures since the update😡😡😡😡😡😡	bug report
Amazing! I have little issue tho i can't save my name after i change it sometimes I hope you guys fix this, have a great day!	bug report
Skype call and ask questions about your job	irrelevant information
It's alright. I think it would be cool to have nitro for free tho	feature request
works sometimes the quality has improved but sometimes it crashes for no reason	bug report
Someone tried to call my number and they said some man answered. So no the app is not good.	bug report
1) the custom notification of each chatroom is always reset. 2) Customisation of the sticker sequence and the favourite stickers option should be added.	feature request
Tried to access my account through my email and all of a sudden it's telling me there is not an account... was able to login 45 min ago tho	bug report
Your app is used by mainly Indian and Muslim men trying to scam innocent people. This app deserves to be removed altogether or find a way to remove the "Microsoft" scammers using your app. I got 5 phone calls from all different textnow numbers, all claiming to be from Microsoft. It's absolutely ridiculous! You don't even deserve a star.	irrelevant information
This app is hard to use but if you understand it it's soo easy,	irrelevant information
Booooooooooo! Why is SMS support leaving?? :( Signal was so good... With SMS....	feature request
It's not letting me place calls anymore ! How come!!?	bug report
So I see the signal not caring about our privacy 🙄 Like Whatsapp, Signal just “jumped the shark” and stops caring so much about privacy I had signal since 2017 I guess it's time to delete this app just like I did with whatsapp for not caring about people privacy	irrelevant information
Easy to use, and all my buddies use it.	irrelevant information
The app works fine, the problem is the people. This can be the most hedonistic landscape depending on which server you join, and who you encounter.	irrelevant information
I loves this app always works,  but I signed out & it won't let me log back in it keeps saying logging in.......  ?	bug report
Completely free privacy, completely free custom stickers (I don't think Telegram has that) and ringtone. Would recommend!	feature request
It's a good app but something happend while I was texting someone and it deleted everyone	bug report
Please put back the right slide to see the members of a server. Please swipe right to see the members of a server. Accessing logged-in members becomes too complicated, and complex too read. Moreover the private messages are not as important as the servers, the "home" button when you log on the page should be all the servers not the private messages.	feature request
Can be a bit confusing to set up but easy and good for techies: otherwise I would give it 5 stars. Brilliant at letting you hide the folders you don't want to use while out and about. Also lets you see an overview of new mail from several accounts in one window. Many thanks to all the volunteers who give their time to provide a truly free product. Much better than the browser-based systems used by Google, Yahoo etc that have so many intrusive adverts.	irrelevant information
Great alternative for texting... However, I have a SIM card from here... And I've recently noticed it's more buggy.. like how a few minutes ago I got a IMPORTANT message which now I'll NEVER GET TO READ because after the quick like 3 second display of the message cut off, I click the notif and it didn't show the message & neither did the app! I tried resetting my phone and looking for updates. Now idk what it said	bug report
Been a good ap to use . No glitches or lags.	irrelevant information
Rumor has it Skype is going away in favor of TEAMS.	irrelevant information
This app crashed and logged me out. Cannot log back in. "Unexpected Error" for weeks now.	bug report
love TextNow been running this app for years and years and years now so the only calling and messaging app that I prefer over an actual cell phone plan. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️	irrelevant information
Unable to login Scenario:- newly account created join one page.. Logout to try to login again the error come invalid for both user and password... Irritating application fix it	bug report
The mobile app cannot compare to desktop. While it has all of the features, it's not optimized as well. Opening it is a roulette of not showing me any servers I'm in, to it being stuck in one chat channel, no matter the server. The option to change input and output methods would be great. Overall, decent	feature request
I can't even send videos or pictures anymore without the app crashing. The UI is not user friendly anymore. No sound board audio when playing on Xbox.	bug report
There is no privacy when this app needs your cellphone number to sign up.	feature request
the app update is so bad and uncomfortable to use and i miss the easily accessible sidebar with all the stuff in servers and i hate the swipe to reply feature its annoying and i keep doing it on accident and all around its just bad. and its glitchy too i keep getting a weird glitch where one channel is stuck open and just duplicates in every server JUST LET ME GO BACKKKKKKKKKK TO THE OLD VERSION	bug report
It was great, until they hit rid of regular sms. Why do you do everything to kill your own app? First removed sms import, now get rid of sms completely? It's like you're trying to have people stop using the app	bug report
I'm having issues with uploading audio, after I uploaded it I discovered very strange noise on it, please if there's anything to do to fix it let me know.	bug report
Great for privacy	irrelevant information
The old Skype is much more easy to use !	feature request
Great online phone for text & talk.	irrelevant information
I can't log in - says check Internet connection. I can get on the internet with other apps. It's really frustrating!	bug report
This is soo fun	irrelevant information
Average. The ads are intrusive, overbearing and annoying.	irrelevant information
just because the other party can't hear me and that's time wasted. Also,	bug report
Next to the icon it needs a red dot WITH a number of unread messages instead of just a red dot. my default messaging app does it, but why can't signal do it too?	feature request
All these texting apps.make you subscribe I much rather have a laggy texting app like textingstory	irrelevant information
This app is so great and better	irrelevant information
It is REALLY INCONVENIENT to not have the unread messages count for channels and to have to scroll to your earliest unread message by 25 messages at a time.	feature request
It keeps kicking me out of the voice calls even though my wifi connection is good. Please fix this :(	bug report
Its so slay but the group chats sometime sre really toxic	irrelevant information
The new update has ruined this app. It's constantly breaking, the new UI is awful compared to the previous and they haven't improved a single thing.	bug report
It needs to be better.	irrelevant information
Definitely gives you WHat you need messages wise. Haven't been able to send videos yet tho.	feature request
App is alright but when I talk with my friends on my phone in a call and I open mine craft or roblox I can still hear my friends but when I open it and join a game it just disconnects me from the call	bug report
Used to work really well but the past 8 months or so messages sometimes don't go through for upwards of a few hours. There are some serious bugs that render a messaging app useless. If messages sometimes take 30seconds to 3,4 hours to send, what's the point?	bug report
It's ok could be better on the camera. Keeps going out on when you try other apps	bug report
Should get more minutes for watching a 30sec. - 45sec. vids	feature request
Removing SMS support but adding stories, you're moving backwards. On to the next messaging app...	feature request
Use to be a great app but now it's totally useless when trying to make or receive phone calls. Never connects and the rare time it does the call quality is horrible. I have tried clearing cache, restarting phone, uninstalling and reinstalling but it just does not work	bug report
Discord is getting worse by every update. Old version was the best.	bug report
This app is really bad. The call quality is white noise and of you try to put it on speaker you keep getting white noise along with a beeping sound. Also it doesn't notify me when someone's calling. Sometimes after someone has called I will get a notification that I have a missed call and sometimes it don't	bug report
Works great for secure comms.	irrelevant information
Best app for chating u can use this app no virus etc.	irrelevant information
Would be nice to use my text free number as my number for Facebook. That way I have a security feature  such as if I forget my password. I have tried to use this number on Facebook, but never was able to receive to code via text.	feature request
It's mess up app	bug report
I love this messaging system but I have 3 contacts that use Signal. Three. So basically I can no longer use Signal after losing sms capability. I'm sad to go	feature request
I am really upset about these two new bugs I've never had before the latest update: 1) The app auto-rotates the screen even though I have that setting turned off on my phone. 2) Photos/images get sent to the last DM convo I was in rather than the group channel I'm currently messaging in. The only fix I've found is to delete the DM convo altogether.	bug report
Love this app but having problems finding my person today!	irrelevant information
I loveee this app but I'm starting to hate it because it keeps stopping and not working	bug report
every half an hour. When I click the message the app sends me to the page	bug report
I cannot hear anybody talk on the other end	bug report
It keeps on saying this username is already used try a nother  username	bug report
it is very good so far so good	irrelevant information
How can I join public groups? By the way telegram is best	feature request
I love using the app but recently I just purchased nitro (9.99 plan) for my friend Jose and it didn't even work for him! He already has nitro basic (2.99 plan) but he should have access to the advanced features! Also recently I haven't even been able to access my discord servers!	bug report
Takes forever to connect and load, messages, images, and videos. Latest update made it nearly unusable	bug report
Say hello to a "privacy" app that apparently messages your contacts letting them know you've downloaded the app, without asking you... without even notifying you! I got a confused message from my Grandma asking if I was okay and I had to explain to her the concept of end to end encryption. Thanks for that, Signal! Unbelievable... 0 stars.	bug report
Love this app so much 🤗🤗 its a fantastic app for privacy chats. There are no words left behind to appreciate this app and its engineers the experience is too fantastic for this app I belongs to India And I have a suggestion for the team that donation fees will be somewhat more decreas so that a person belongs to middle family will donate to you according to their cash in pocket I also want to donate the app but i feel 200 rs more than my ability so plz reduce the fees so we can also help you	feature request
Too many pics and gifs fail when trying to upload. Overall, nice app with a a few items to adjust.	bug report
Requires VPN to work	feature request
Their service is very poor.This application belongs to Sweetan Company, just as the student government's thinking is very stupid, this application is also very stupid.It doesn't have a good call-to-call service	bug report
Theres a bug or glitch like when we open something in background and discord is also open then discord starts glitching im not able to send messages or anything it just shows connecting	bug report
Meh...not sure how great a secure app is on an easily compromised platform. Read citizenlab for details. Security theatre I suppose.	irrelevant information
Got hacked and I'm not sure what was done with my account but I can no longer use it.	bug report
works as promised and no dropped calls.	irrelevant information
It's really good, however it doesn't show the on line/off line status	feature request
I love the app but needs a update to send videos	feature request
It's ok don't like the stickers can improve	feature request
It's work very well	irrelevant information
I cant create account always wrong pin,i always send msg but reply..	bug report
Been using Signal exclusively for years. I try to donate every once in a while.	irrelevant information
It was a really great app and i enjoy it alot but i was shocked that my acc got disabled discord thinking that im a 12 yrs old please recover my acc in mot 12😭	feature request
The new ui is so stupid. It's harder to get where you were going now as it's a maze and it is in no way an improvement to the previous ui. Please just bring back the old ui	feature request
Not user friendly, it needs some modification maybe.	feature request
Stupid bug in verification process that won't let me in the app! I press and hold the button, and it confirms with the check mark, but then it glitches and shows the verification popup again. This repeats forever on the Android app, but on Chrome it works. What's the point of an app that won't let me use it?!	bug report
Helps me a lot is connecting with my remote team	irrelevant information
Easy to use,but little bit long buffering when you send file or video. Overall good	bug report
I don't know why this problem, in my galaxy tab 3.8 to every contact appear with 3 or 4 symbols of textfree, please fix it, for other things the App work very well. If you solve this problem my score automatically go to 5 stars, have a good weekend.	bug report
Less than half the messages seem to make it through	bug report
Hate the new update	feature request
No screen share mobail application very bad	bug report
Should have half star. I'd say 3.5 out of 5. Works for what I need it for plus pics. Sync and personalization/options could be better.	feature request
I can't even send my friend videos to edit because they are too big and I don't have Nitro and in my opinion that is so stupid like I should not have to pay for a texting and talking app like that is actually so stupid. Other than that it is a pretty good app.	feature request
Slowest app also always have server issues even internet is fine every update this app always getting more slow	bug report
I like using this skype app. I use it for my clients when I do psychic, ancestral and spiritual consultation readings. Always clear and my client and I like seeing each other face to face. So absolutely no shade to throw on Skype.	irrelevant information
Very reliable	irrelevant information
Absolutely fantastic service. I will give it 5 stars once they cut their ties with the communist party of China and also stop selling people's personal information. The service also has issues with groomers and child predators that have been addressed in the past but are not even remotely close to fixing.	irrelevant information
Still taking my money when subscription was cancelled because the number was offline most of the time	bug report
Search doesnt work on chromebook. Nothing comes up at all. Apparently there are no people called 'John' on skype. Pointless	bug report
It's not free	irrelevant information
Isme to login he na ho rha h.. How can i make id in this app...	bug report
It doesn't always give me notifications for new messages. Incredibly frustrating. Edit. Now my chats won't update when I'm looking at them. One chat is frozen. This app is garbage and will be deleting it as soon as my group finds which app we all want to use. Edit: my whole group left the app. Half is were having the same problems I was. Don't use this app, it is bad.	bug report
Thanks for ruining a previously great app, Microsoft!	irrelevant information
Great contact tool!	irrelevant information
There is no way to clear all chat messages and keep the empty chats in the chat list. When I clear all message history, I have to use the search function to get the chat back and send a message in order to bring it back to the chat list.	feature request
Very nice and it keeps you in touch with your group, this app is great because it continues on my new phone without interruption !	irrelevant information
I get every notification twice!!!!! I can't turn off SMS notifications in the settings	bug report
It's nice, but don't get far with out spending money	irrelevant information
Why is it telling me I need to upgrade the app is already updated.	bug report
it was great!! I could talk to my Mom and everyone!	irrelevant information
All of a sudden I cant text or call, I've been using text now for a few years and this is the first time it's done this...please help	bug report
Don't know where my original review went. Seemed to disappear. Google said the developer responded, yet when I opened it I couldn't read it. Mildly frustrating. Whatever happened between the time of posting and now, I noticed a new update, installed it and it seems to have addressed the crashing issues I've been having with the new profiles update. If anything else changes in future I will update my review, positive or negative.	bug report
Me and my friend can't log back in our accounts even though our passwords and email works	bug report
Please fix discord. You and your team only just made this worse. My gifs don't work when sending, and the embed gif for minutes won't work either. FIX IT. Please fix discord, it is broken and ruined already. You only just have made the worst update for everyone. Including me. You must fix this. You are breaking my gifs, your breaking my heart, you are breaking me, & more importantly... YOUR BREAKING DISCORD 😭😭😭😭 f i x i t p l e a s e . . .	bug report
I use this app to communicate with some people I know, but I've noticed several issues. When I try to send images to people sometimes, the app will crash out. Sometimes, it will crash and exit out of nowhere. It also has repeated messages as a glitch, and the new format should be optional. I also beg for the love of you to please stop stacking new features on the application and actually focus more on the issues, even someone I knew had criticized this app reasonably.	bug report
Can't have more expectations from electron js devs to make a mobile app but bruh yall suk at making your mobile app responsive I can't do anything After a few updates ui is glitching on s22 ultra please fix this	bug report
I added $5 dollars and my wallet showed $0. I was stolen.	bug report
No available numbers I've tried a ton of random area codes & it gives me no number	bug report
I like it because you can like call someone but you have to get the number yeah but yeah I like it	irrelevant information
It's ok but sometimes I can't hear anything when I get a call	bug report
Not as reliable as some of its competitors.	bug report
I've used this app be a for and it never let me down So yes I reamed it for everybody	irrelevant information
New update n I can no longer use GIFs updates annoying	bug report
I've been using discord since 2019, till this date I have got no other problem, today I encountered a problem, the problem is I'm not able to scroll to different servers and channels,not at all able to scroll messages, right now I'm giving it 4 star, only because of this prob I'm giving 4 other wise I would have given 5 star... thank you, pls make sure discord got no other bugs etc..	bug report
Robs you of free minutes earned through watching vids or doing promotions. Dont give you minutes you earn just a bad service and app.	bug report
Very nice..just to many adds	irrelevant information
NOTE :There was some people so bad i report discord team take action in this note	bug report
If this app is so secure how is the FBI getting transcripts of texts sent with Signal for use in criminal cases? If the app is so secure why does it notify you when friends in your contacts list sign up with signal? That isn't secure.	bug report
Buggy as hell. Seems to be getting worse over time.	bug report
App inoperable after the latest update	bug report
New update messed up discord so bad	bug report
Can't change my display name to be different in each thread/channel.	feature request
keeps crashing. makes my phone skip	bug report
I HATE THE NEW UPDATE, I JUST TOTALLY KILLED THE CLASSIC AWESOMENESS OF DISCORD, IF YOU GUYS ACTUALLY READ THE FEEDBACKS HERE THAN PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, BECAUSE THIS UPDATE KILLED THE CLASSIC LOOK ANS FEEL OF DISCORD ON PHONE	feature request
I initially sent a review back in 2018, stating the issue that the mobile app was too "bare bones" and lacked many features the PC version had. Now it's the opposite. This app tries too hard to copy the PC app 1:1 that its become bogged down and bloated with features that don't work properly on mobile. Most annoying being the laggy performance and the fact that server changes (such as channel names or users left) can take days, even over a week to update and show!	feature request
It's nice in all, except for the video sending. I'm trying to send videos, and 11 seconds is to long?!? Thats literal bs.	bug report
All the functionalities needed for a messaging app. Minimalistic and easy to use. I like it!	irrelevant information
Stable and reliable; one minor issue - does not seem to support multiple pdf attachments in one post.	feature request
Batter security and data protection than WhatsApp	irrelevant information
works ok with Wi-Fi	irrelevant information
New update is causing a havoc. Appears its not sending msg then will burst swne them. Can't change channels without closing down the app and restarting.	bug report
Best app ever been using since the stone ages	irrelevant information
Upd. The app just crashed one day and didn't want to recover from backup. So I have lost all my chats. Please make folders: unread, private, etc	bug report
I just realized that changing my number does not change my text messages saved. I am happy. Just nervous when things change. I do recommend this app to anyone. Thank you for the reply developers. I appreciate that very much. Your awesome. Again just reacted too quickly not realizing your messages are saved	bug report
Betrayal! The old "bait and switch." Just when I thought I had found my one texting solution for all of my phone texting, you come out and tell me I'll need to get another texting solution to handle SMS texts! WHY SHOULD I INVITE THE 95% OF MY FRIENDS TO TRY SIGNAL WHEN I THEN HAVE TO TELL THEM "O BUT YOU'LL NEED TO HAVE A SEPARATE APP FOR ALL YOUR SMS TEXTS!" Now I'm looking for a suitable replacement for Signal.	feature request
I swear these Devs haven't listened to the feedback for people with autism / neurodivergency. Removing the toggle to disable this change is unfair for accessibility. The black instead of grey (Dark setting) is horrible contrast for eyes, plus now it forces a swipe to reply which I have no use for and accidentally trigger. I don't need to see large activity icons of people I generally don't talk to. Things have been buggy, like search. Returning to a DM often loads it several messages up. Etc.	feature request
Service is poor	bug report
So here is my review of this app IT SUCKS if I could give it 100 negative stars I would SOO many problems with it when somebody tried to call me the ringtone went off I went to pick up the phone and it said MISSED CALL. My friend called 3 more times and it still happened The other day when I was calling my doctor to make a appointment you have to press 3 to make a appointment I press 3 and the voice operator tells me "I'm sorry I'm not understanding what you want"	bug report
It's OK. Never receive any notifications when I receive a text. Checked the settings and they're set to on.	bug report
Guys I can't swap the cam on video calls on miui 11 on redmi note 5 pro.. But on the developer version it works just fine!	bug report
It works pretty good most of the time.	irrelevant information
what a stupid app. i try to register with my phone number i couldn't get the sms code to finish the registration and if i try my email for it ,my accout suddenly disable for what violation? lol i didn't even started yet and then disabled the account? lame.	bug report
I am not able to open it on macbook.It always crash down.Even after	bug report
I little bit good I guess	irrelevant information
Simple and nice	irrelevant information
No problems with this app	irrelevant information
to many ads and you always have to use Wi-Fi to text which kind of defeats the purpose of getting it. to sum it up it's ass	irrelevant information
Was great but havent been able to use last few days yyyy pls help	bug report
It's been good so far able to use like phone	irrelevant information
I keep getting my messages slow...so, i don't know..	bug report
Ain't working on Android phones	bug report
This app needs login to be worked on its dumb and dosint work	bug report
I used to love this app but now it glitches i tried making a new account and its not loading at all	bug report
UI design sucks soo bad i doubt discord has an UI/UX ppl The call buttons need to either he hidden inside a menu or have a confirmation notif before call because omg you picked the worst spot to put it in... And omg discord mobile has the worst connection discord pc is fine but if i try to use mobile... I need to repeatedly exit and enter discord just to update what my friend is saying or for me to actually send my message Notifs are broken	bug report
I am on a Lenova Chromebook. I saw that the chat channels weren't appearing, so I signed out. I tried to log back in, but I forgot my password. So, I used a relatively old vertification account to reset my password. After I logged in, my photos took forever to load, for some reason. It seems like my photos only load after I exit the app. Please fix this. It seems to be exclusively happening to the photos I had made before I had logged off.	bug report
Having trouble in log in after i re install it , i am from pakistan, i am trying to register my number but its always apear that try with a valid number even i tried it with +92 0 and also without zero but its not registering kindly help me	bug report
I never get my call or text notifications. I see when someone has called me after I open the app and I am missing a bunch of calls because of this. It is veryyyy frustrating	bug report
Glitches all the time will not let me delete old messages constantly kicking off wifi terrible call quality	bug report
have create other ocounts since i dont remember them. Never use outoolk	bug report
Been using this app for about 5 years as my only or primary phone & also as a 2nd or back up line. Around a strong WiFi connection it usually functions just fine. It is absolutely free but the adds are constant & very annoying.	irrelevant information
The base functionality works, which is the bare minimum you would expect from an app. That's why this isn't 1 star. The UI changes at random and for the worse, you can't do some things on mobile, and scaling occasionally breaks. All the while, Discord pushes their monetization onto us more and more aggressively. The most recent UI change is ridiculous and it's a sign of a serious failure that it made it to production.	bug report
It is a shame that you allow ads on here it takes a good minute to get through all the ads just to dial out or text, what if there was an emergency am i going to have to watch ads in case of emergency	feature request
Please try make a lite version that just takes up minimum space, I have to remove all my apps and media just to download Discord in which results it still doesn't download 😭	feature request
Hard to earn points this is the time most in theses days that we needed it must.	irrelevant information
People know it's text now...	irrelevant information
Mobile app works great but for some reason I can not use my ear buds anymore. There is no settings anymore for where my audio will play through.	bug report
App works but becoming not worth it when you get spam calls from new numbers everyday i have over 60 numbers blocked since using textnow!!	bug report
The app has a glitch. It works well at first but then it doesn't allow you to make out going calls whether they're user to user or you're using a Skype number. Sad really.	bug report
It won't let me send or revive messages... what good is an app if it doesn't work?	bug report
With new version you can't perform searches within a conversation, they won't allow you to send files, only photos. On the top of that and as usual with Skype you keep missing conversations cos it won't send you notifications on time. Also you are not able to delete your call history. It's just a good looking beta version	bug report
ever since the latest update my video hardly ever works. i don't ever get any incoming video from people I'm in a call with. I've restarted the app, I've restarted my phone. uninstalled and reinstalled. I've cleared cache and everything. what's going on discord?? that's the biggest issue I'm having in a long line of other issues	bug report
I like apples that's what I think.....	irrelevant information
Solid and safe for communication in the Middle East is a blessing.	irrelevant information
The only problem that I have now is. After recently ordering a SIM card that eventually arrived just not at the expected designated time. However, besides that the official main problem is getting the SIM card to be fully activated is the difficult challenge that's currently on going at the moment,	feature request
Was awesome until the ads started taking up half the screen.	feature request
It ok theres some thing I would change with the functions and lack of funtions	feature request
I love it I'm glad you did took now and been good to me I love it	irrelevant information
They need to make it so that when a person is blocked they cannot interact with you. Discord enables stalkers, bullies, etc. It's a cesspool of toxicity and there is no way to regulate who you do and don't interact with. A social media site cannot exist without a "block" feature, but the one on Discord is very weak since it doesn't "really" block anyone. Seems they did just enough to meet the minimum requirements and that's it. Disabled and deleted account. Going to delete the app as well.	feature request
It's great for group text, especially to keep in touch with our kids sports teams. The one thing I don't like is not being able to erase old groups. I can archive them but it still appears on my feed. I currently have 2 active groups but show over 15 old groups every time I open the app.	feature request
Great app for text and voice clip messaging. Do video chat with my niece and nephews and really like how easy it is to use. Used on several different phones over the years with no issues.	irrelevant information
Decent messaging app. Biggest frustration is the reliability of getting notifications consistently.	feature request
Network Failed occurs regularly instead of there is nothing wrong with my network.	bug report
I was in chat box to see about getting help with a password reset and whomever I was chatting to just decided to be rude cut me off and end chat. I used this app no problems , lots of ads but i paid to remove them and keep my number... I lost my number and there is no way to get it back since the chat was ended and I couldn't finish what I was typing... Textnow you lost a customer a very unhappy customer with rudeness and no answer reply to help me at all!	bug report
so far so good but mostly tired of being bugged to rate it 😂😂😂😂😂	irrelevant information
Haven't needed it yet, but its good that its there.	irrelevant information
Gotta be real this last update is not it. The ui and layout is bad and when I open the app I get flung around onto messages or messages to servers. Miss the old interface	feature request
Since the big update, switching between channels often doesn't work. The app will just show you the title of the channel you selected, but the messages from the previous channel. I've also experienced attempts to back out of a channel instead leading to an outdated version of the same channel, with the last few minutes of messages missing.	bug report
Discord + Twitter = Success	irrelevant information
The app is good, but it keeps crashing every 30 seconds.	bug report
No sense downloading off anything if it isn't gonna load. Am tired of random pop up ads etc not just text now. Who keep getting bullied etc. All apps are lies. Fakes etc	irrelevant information
I met someone who wants to communicate with this app... So I install it only to be told that my account is flagged for violation stuff. I never had one...my first time even hearing about the app. So I try to go through the appeal that's handily an option and can't because I can't answer any questions provided because I never had an account. Didn't make sense to me either...	feature request
Sometimes buggy and not able to debug itself	bug report
Text free should be changed to callfree	feature request
Skype refuses my VISA card while charging for subscriptions. And every attempt to add additional MC or VISA card has failed with errors. So I unable to use it anymore. Great job. You've lost one more customer.	bug report
It works when I need it, thank you very much.	irrelevant information
This new update is trash. My emoticons are now translated into emojis. The font is even smaller than what it was, you added unnecessary stuff that wasn't needed. You're trying to make the mobile app look like a PC when it's a MOBILE APP. Why do I need to load messages? Scrolling up was just fine with me, and when I long press stuff, I don't get a buzz to let me know that I've long pressed it. Everything is switched around when it shouldn't be. Put it back. You're making it complicated for nuthin	feature request
My experience in this game its ok, but the game needs many improvements such as rss need it to build and research anything to expensive, time for building takes forever, developers needs to stop messing with heroes powers and troops is powers as well, castle protection is very poor we need better shields 🛡 3 day or more days if possible!!!!	feature request
Solid UI, quite responsive. The limitation to one phone per account is my only complaint.	feature request
old version was better. in the new version, it give some glitch and sometimes it crush	bug report
The new layout is super clunky and horrible. It makes everything incredibly complicated to use.	feature request
Good app, bit buggy, lags sometimes with bad connections, but overall a good app. Better then textnow for sure.	bug report
I open the app but they want $10 D	bug report
Its ok I think the only issue i have is sending pictures. Sometimes they don't get sent fully,it'll be cut off or cropped. Also sometimes I'm unable to send text messages it says unable to send to that number when I've messaged them before.	bug report
EnFlick and TextNow, are known identity thieves, who could care less about stealing, my phone number, I've reported them to several places, never use this, period, mostly sexual offenders, who can't own a cell phone and pedophiles, use this app, in my experience, and when the cops show up, they blamed me,...my identity has been reported several times,I've never used this App, nor do I ever intent too, garbage people use this.	irrelevant information
Discord before update was good, it wasn't an example of application performance optimization but easy to use and clear. Now that has changed. New Discord update delivered to us an new UI which I think is nice but terribly unintuitive. The UI takes some getting use to but I hope discord will fix sluggish application performance.	feature request
The app is real glitchy	bug report
I'd give it a 5 but I still haven't figured everything out yet. So far so great app though.	irrelevant information
Sloooow ! After you hit accept , it say registering for to long	bug report
The TextNow: Free calling with no paid features is about two stars in my opinion because the calls returned most arent valid for VOIP calls which tie the line. Maybe thats what the app even warns against but that just makes a call center have to call on settings above a standard rate I believe. Paid version: Havent tried this version but i dont think it would help me really..	bug report
Love the new update! I have been waiting for this, looking forward to other new updates!!!	irrelevant information
Make calls free	feature request
Got the app when I was going back and forth to Santa Rosa I'm in the Sf bay. It's worked a lot of magic. No problems until more recently it has crashed and it didn't send me notifications that I was denied	bug report
The new layout is disgusting	feature request
It's a good app very simple to set and easy to use very Happy 😊	irrelevant information
You what would be nice. The ability pin messages in personal chats add this feature please	feature request
Great application for communication. If you have any privacy concerns.	irrelevant information
Worked fine/good before the hostile mobile update. It's hard to navigate and I've had nothing but problems since it was downloaded. Bug after Bug, issue after issue and it seems to have stemmed from this update since I have a very new and high quality phone. I don't get what happened.	bug report
I GIVE IT A 4 STAR BECAUSE IT SO HARD TO LOGIN	bug report
The biggest shortcoming is the necessity of a US phone number. The mobile apps are OK, web version is unintuitive. I switched to Discord for everything I was using groupme for and I am SO MUCH HAPPIER. Good luck groupme, you need it.	feature request
The app works as advertised. However, it is a battery and data hog.  Over 500mb of data in three weeks for texting only. And that's only when I am not on wifi which is most of the time. And after an hour or so if use I need to recharge my phone. I think you need to do something about that.	feature request
Good for a little but it glitched and tu don't get it text for like 12 hours	bug report
It's cute	irrelevant information
I use yo use this app all the time it actually has changed for the worse. More adds makes you watch videos for more minutes. I switched to textme which is truly free. You can text as much as you want and call as much as you want. Want a better app? Go there.	feature request
you cant delete old conversations that sucks	feature request
i was used to left swiping on a server to see the active members list but now it just replies to a text and tapping the channel header doesn't feel right to see the list. There are a few more issues like you guys have merged the activity window and online friends list, earlier it was much more easier to see who was online in a vertical scroll (with names) instead of horizontal scroll (with just their profile pictures now).	feature request
great app. but can you make it to where we can edit comments	feature request
I wish I could delete groups that are no longer active	feature request
Thank U's , U's are great ! 😊👍👋	irrelevant information
Skype generally runs well on my tablet with no arguments, how ever on my Samsung Galaxy s 8, I never receive any notifications unless someone calls me, and after 3 minutes of a video call my phone shuts off with a warning on screen (which I've never seen before ) simply saying the temperature is to high, this is the first app that turned my phone into a hot plate.	bug report
Identified bug	bug report
Just use Facebook... It is so hard to follow a string of messages and I'm sick of downloading all these apps when Facebook works just fine and most times better.	irrelevant information
I can't make a call .. after few seconds call drop automatically .. i have been using skype for several years this is the first time it's happening .. please fix this so that i cam give it a 5 star	bug report
No sms anymore just pass.	bug report
I love the flexibility of this app for communicating with groups plus dm's with individuals within the groups.	irrelevant information
Its amazing overall BUT. Once i stoped the x button was frozen there (which caused it for that my bottem letters i couldnt press it ) and i had to deleted it reinstall it	bug report
Loved the app, but I heard the latest update made awful changes to the ui like the location of dms and a swipe to reply function as well as changing the search system. Put it back. We don't use discord for it to be like other apps. The search system was perfect. The swipe to reply is annoying and frustrating. Why would you do this? It sucks. Put it back.	feature request
AMOLED mode isn't working. App generally isn't very well optimised for Android	bug report
Now, randomly, Discord is sending me to Chrome when I click on a Twitch link instead of opening the Twitch app. Smh. It's also pretty slow to load sometimes.	bug report
See this Muslim power 😡😡	irrelevant information
It's decent	irrelevant information
i've used discord for years and always thought the ui was quite good. the new mobile ui is pretty bad. it just feels so restrictive and cumbersome	feature request
Last resort. Ads everywhere, confusing.	feature request
I use this app mainly for group texts and have noticed a few times that I missed some of the messages.  In addition the app constantly shows I have new messages but then they don't show in the app or even when using the desktop version.	bug report
Force stops waaaaaay tooo much!!!! And it doesn't save the typed text so u gotta writeEVERYTHING over, very frustrating!	bug report
Text free	irrelevant information
Well as far as being badass cause no cell phone service yeah but I can't ever hear the people in calling texting mint!calling nay	bug report
Currently having an issue where images saved become 0 byte files after a little bit.	bug report
Best alternative to WhatsApp Also this app has end to end encryption	feature request
The advantage is that you can remove or mute anyon	feature request
Most recent update causes the app to frequently crash. (Samsung s21 ultra). Usually my favourite messaging app, will give 5 stars once issue is resolved.	bug report
a little blurry, sound was good	bug report
Good way to send large group messages	irrelevant information
I have been happy with the app right up until the point they said they were going to discontinue SMS support. I don't have enough contacts that use signal to justify keeping it and using a second app just for SMS. Especially since the people I do know that use it will be discontinuing it as well.	feature request
I like this app very much. It's better than any other apps	irrelevant information
This app is pretty great, but recent updates have so many annoying pop up messages now, so lost a star. App does nothing to investigate hate speech. Lost another two stars.	feature request
The new UI genuinely makes discord harder to use. It comes with a tonne of new issues like the chat scrolling up 20 messages, so you have to scroll down every time you click off a dm.	feature request
I couldnt even get on...todally getting ride of this app..	bug report
Great apps experience for consolidate with another players...	feature request
A little annoyed at the amount of unsolicited requests for joining, coming from around world. And now people piggybacking on your carrier waves. That's life	irrelevant information
EXPERIENCE GOOD BUT PLEASE GIVE THE OLD LAYOUT BACK 🙏🙏	feature request
Laggy to the point it is impossible to make calls	bug report
Unable to sign up.	bug report
Idk what happened but it suddenly won't let me join any calls in every server that I have. I can't even use my nitro properly because the emojis are not available and not popping out even tho I'm using nitro. Disappointing because this is the first time that I encountered problem with this app for 3-4 years I'm using it.	bug report
Love it. Great communication	irrelevant information
Its okay. Mostly intuitive.	irrelevant information
i cant sign in or make a new one with my email. i have sent an email to support and its been 3 days and still no reply.	bug report
Apparently you can't send or receive pictures	bug report
Horrible audio quality. Always thinking someone speaking is background noise. Massive drain on phone performance.	bug report
I've loved this app but device linking isn't working on my galaxy a23	bug report
The most recent update to the App has made it load slower, function more poorly (laggy, losing messages), and much less user friendly. Definitely not a fan of it anymore.	bug report
Use to be good but now it will no longer function as a message app. Terrible choice on companies end.	bug report
I have been unable to log in. I tries the password reminder via email and still no luck. FIX IT PLZ	bug report
I love it but can I have a video chat option forever?	feature request
SMS support removed. Better to have clearly defined to user base when sms being used or secure encrypted messages than to remove functionality and versatility. Have mostly stopped using signal for this reason.	feature request
I really enjoyed Discord for simple used	irrelevant information
This is a very good communication app and I really like it BUT whenever I'm on a call with one of my friends and I go in ANY GAME, discord will just disconect me from the call. And when I try to rejoin it my screen gets glitched like I'm on a computer. I'm on mobile btw but please fix this error :]	bug report
I only use it for work chat but it has been easy to use so far	irrelevant information
Hard to open at first	bug report
It would be really great if your BLOCKING feature actually BLOCKED people. It's absolutely ridiculous to have a block that just "hides" the blocked person's server comments, and keeps them from trying to message or add you as a friend. Block means BLOCK, zero interaction, they can't read my server, etc. Creat a REAL blocking feature.	feature request
Saw furry p*rn 7.5/10	irrelevant information
I can't click reply or something. More worse than before. Why you can't return to old version? I like that old version. Sorry i don't like this recent version. It's really uncomfortable. Can u fix that?	bug report
You are the best soap	irrelevant information
Upto now still learning to use it.	irrelevant information
In theory a great idea. It's hard to get a phone number. Unless you are sitting next to your wifi router your calls cut out. Incoming calls freeze your phone. The ads freeze. Texts don't send. Okay in an emergency. Nothing else.	bug report
Never get any response from anybody. Messages don't seem to get delivered from me to them Useless app	bug report
Discord is a very good social platform for gamers and runs smoothly on pc but then you start using it on your phone, you will immediately encounter glitches which completely forces you having to restart the app several times	bug report
The video calling is not working properly. I cannot see the other person even when our cams are both open. This has been happening for weeks now. Are you not aware of the problem? Maybe you don't use your own app, that's why you don't know.	bug report
last update destroyed mobile discord. it lags AWFUL when i open it. it looks like a copy of snapchat, absolutely disgusting. go back to the older stuff! this is just worse!	bug report
Just Perfect App	irrelevant information
Reject sign up	irrelevant information
This app used to be good but idk what happened but it's not working now. I sign up and make account but like not even 24 hrs after I login and make the account and stuff it says that my account had been disabled but I didn't even do anything I like texted one person and didn't do anyone wrong. I have made like 2 or 3 accounts just to use this app but it always disabled them.	bug report
You have to have internet for this to work...	feature request
Nce	irrelevant information
Many times its wrk very slowly ...it takes too much time to deliver msg...most of the time its server is down...plz improve this problems	bug report
Freezes. Lags.  Force closes. Closes when texting. Other than that cool app. Please fix	bug report
I continue to have an issue with the app being unable to look up my contacts. I have to go into my Google contacts and then cut and paste the # into TextNow dialer, which then displays the name of the contact! But the app wasn't able to find it via search. I don't understand what this glitch is. Otherwise I like the app but would like the option to archive conversations.	bug report
This would have a 5+ star rating (an excellent social app) until the newest update eliminated my "friends" list. Now I am unable to get in touch with any of them. 😫😥😭 Please bring it back intact! 🙏	feature request
I just have one person on this app so I use it.	irrelevant information
Why must I wertefi my email before I can use my discord	bug report
I have supported signal for years now, and I wish I could take it back, the money and the support. This app is gone totally off the rails, and is destined for the garbage heap. Sms support was an integral feature and you truly have nothing left.	feature request
you guys need to make it easier to change your number! We had people that were in a groups with myself and my wife, that had a ton of trouble bacause they changed phone carriers. it has been a process getting people back in the mix of things, given it's not to hard, but its all through email and tech support. plus you need someone who has a good understanding on how to troubleshoot these types of issues, or you will be struggling for a while.	feature request
Really cool app sends and receives texts and calls works fine	irrelevant information
it was working great for a while, but then it gave me an error saying that there was an issue with my account	bug report
so laggy since the most recent update and it barely lets me send messages anymore i only gave u two stars because i can still talk to my friends all of the sounds are annoying to especially when your calling someone	bug report
It doesn't let us send pictures and vids anymore. It just says "failed to send message" everytime.	bug report
Just like everyone else the new UI is bad and confusing. Please revert it back this was a mistake and you know it. Cant even see who's online anymore.	feature request
Not every good reception and hard to massage and gose offline 90% of time	bug report
pls change the pleading emoji back for the love of literally everything it looks horrendous now I'm begging u 💀	feature request
Love using the app, but even when the option is chosen, the app no longer puts voice audio through Bluetooth headphones. App sounds like disconnect and connect are through headphones, but not people's voices. Disappointing	bug report
I love the app but i keep getting into servers although i never got invitations or never accepted	bug report
Good extra text app to have. I like this better than other ones. Does as described	irrelevant information
I'm enjoying with this apk.	irrelevant information
Each time I spend several moments texting some rather important information, an advertisement adruptly and rudly interrupted my texting andy message was completely LOST...it pisses me off	bug report
THIS APP SOMEHOW WON'T INSTALL? WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? PLEASE HELP PATRICIA WALKER (PDUB)	bug report
Pin... Which is being sent to my old number. Yeah, very secure. Add that to	irrelevant information
TextNow provides me with the peace of mind, privacy, and security that I will always have an anonymous phone number wherever I go.	irrelevant information
The app is cool, it does what it's supposed to do but I really wish that you could delete old conversations and not just hide them.	feature request
i thought this would be an alternative to my phone blowing up all day with business calls and friends. thought i could just silence the calls in the evening but cant, So, i tried to cancel the subscription and the directions say i can cancel it at any time, but there is no place to cancel it in the app. I even went to my subscriptions on the play store and its not listed there, as the support says it is. Therefore, there is no way to cancel the subscription and the support is terrible!!!!! The best I can hope for is to delete the app from my phone and hope the account just fades away!!!!!!!! I didn't even want to give it 1 star but accidently hit it!!!	bug report
Please put the search bar for all servers and topics again please	feature request
Uaed to be good, now it's just a buggy mess	bug report
Get rid of this stank layout no one likes it and it's fr making me annoyed to even open the app anymore. Only writing this cus they haven't reverted it yet and it's been too long already. EDIT: Their response to all these bad reviews giving us a guide to understand the layout is just making me more mad lol. Dawg we understand it, it's bad and we don't like it. Change it back.	feature request
this app is a scam, I purchased 100 minutes for $1.99 and it didn't register but still charged the amount. Do not download this app. Thank you for your time.	bug report
Randomly stopped responding 2 days ago ,I sent a report but nothing happened, please fix this.	bug report
Have constant issues posting pictures and loading my messages. I have an One Plus 7 Plus phone.	bug report
I. Will. Like. Your. App	irrelevant information
I literally could not "LIVE" without this APP.	irrelevant information
I can't seem to delete my messages .	bug report
Its been a real usedul secondary app!	irrelevant information
Texting is good.	irrelevant information
Everytime I would try to make a call on this app. It's either the call would drop or the other caller can't hear anything.	bug report
Used to be great, now it's terrible. Not even with UI stuff it crashes constantly and was working perfectly fine for a while.	bug report
I have used this app for many years. In the past it helped me extremely, with jobs and to communicate with family. Recently it has been the opposite! I do not receive notifications of calls or texts for minutes, sometimes as long as hours later. Yes I have my notifications in the app , and my device on. Now, with this app once I have dialed a number, and am prompted to use the dial pad, the tone of the number stays stuck on the sound until I disconnect. 😔..	bug report
needs to be able to delete and edit messages	feature request
New UI is really bad. Please give option to change it back to old UI.	feature request
Dazai and Sigma had the best sex ever.	irrelevant information
I've been using discord for two years now and the new update has so many glitches. I can't see so many servers and people's profile pictures. I automatically get disconnected a lot of times. The new update is so disappointing.	bug report
It's fun to mess around with when you're bored.	irrelevant information
Simple and intuitive to use!	irrelevant information
Daily conversations and video with my daughter in the UK help me feel that she's nearby, only a call away. Love this app	irrelevant information
The recent update can't let me see the channels other than the last visited channel in a server please help	bug report
The app seems to work correctly for the most part part. It does miss notifications here and there but that might be the process getting killed in the background. My biggest complaint is that across multiple devices and different Android versions GroupMe will not obey the snooze notifications feature. I have tried to snooze multiple notification categories and still the app will not comply. Is this a known big and is there a fix for this?	feature request
Sometimes I do not get all the image and pictures that are sent to messages.	bug report
Great for talking with friends, the polls are great, the GUI slaps, I love it.	irrelevant information
Phone number is required, and seems to be visible to everyone you message. For a private messaging service, that's pretty bad privacy.	feature request
Super good I've this app	irrelevant information
I've been enjoying using this app. It was new to me and a friend recommended it. It's been great so far. Can even make phone calls and video calls from it.	irrelevant information
This app is everything I want....	irrelevant information
It closes on you during a call	bug report
The worst calls that I've ever experienced with any call app	bug report
Bad call quality and dropped calls, even with excellent wifi.	bug report
Way too many ads sometimes it would not let me call one person but let me call another person so that's why I give a three star you need they need to get rid of a lot of them ads too many way too many	bug report
Dont really love the ads	irrelevant information
Overall the app is great, but the new updates 2.0 and beyond look absolutely horrendous on mobile. That and the moderation team isn't really consistent with bans, appeals, reports, what have you. Fortunately I'm on Android so I can at least solve the first issue by using an earlier version.	feature request
The app is ok but doesn't allow u too sms certain groups while not others our to silence selected groups!	feature request
Been updated several times but still it gave NO SOUND NOTIFICATION	bug report
Next level gaming communication app	feature request
Was a great one to one experience with the web version but for some reason they decided to nuke the mobile design and make the performance and experience awful.	feature request
Without SMS support, you might as well just use Wickr or Briar and get better encryption.	feature request
Always my go to secondary line for my side hustle as u don't have to be completely tied too the phone number just in case	irrelevant information
Great app. Been using it for years	irrelevant information
Very Good	feature request
Nothing special!!!	irrelevant information
App was fine, then the static started. Deleted the app and reinstalled it.. to receive a message 'denied by abuse detector' . It's ok. Deleted!!	bug report
Easy to use to keep in touch with group members. Only complaint is can't delete spam messages f er I'm notifications.	feature request
There should be a way to search within a conversation as far back as you need to look. The lack of this feature is annoying.	feature request
I don't like how some videos that are sent to me end up not working. It will say 'media no longer available' but the people who send me videos say that they haven't deleted anything and my disappearing messages option isn't on. It's frustrating because this is the only way I keep in touch with some loved ones.	bug report
the texting portion is for the most part reliable. Making a phone call is a bit more elusive than anticipated.	feature request
Horrible other servers don't have mods and they banned me because they thought I was a child because my nephew hopped on	irrelevant information
Its aggravating that it keeps logging out every minute and I updated it thinking that's the problem but its still messing up	bug report
Perfect app to ignore life with.	irrelevant information
I have Android Pie. I change the notification sound in Android. It looks like the sound is changed. However the stock notification keeps sounding. All of my other apps let me change the notification sound except Skype. Why? This is a huge bug that must be fixed. Thank you.	bug report
Needs to come with more mins.	feature request
You need to pay to get verification codes:l. EDIT: don't act like it's for the users benefit. You know what your doing, you had to specially code it into your app to check for a verification code and block them. It's a money move, not you watching out for the users. Now I'm even more mad you replied like that. We know the numbers are temporary, that's the point.	bug report
This is the most amazing app. I bought my phone number to secure it. And for $4 I have free unlimited texting and calling. It's 2018 there is probably free wifi every block. This app is a money saver and reliable Update: I got a new phone and it won't let me log in, or create a new account so... I don't really know what they expect me to do.	bug report
I'm happy with TextNow not until they offered a sim that they're claiming to be free but we have to pay $5.00. I paid for 1, it never came then I moved to a different city, again, I paid for another one and that transaction was on March, it's been 3 months now but no sim card was received.. my husband did the same thing, order , pay , and wait forever.. are you guys a scam?????!!!!	bug report
New UI is buggy as all get out. I try to switch between channels and servers and stay in the one I'm in constantly requiring an app restart which doesn't really solve the issue. Also, I don't need swipe left to reply, I do want swipe left to see who's online in my server.	bug report
Worst update ever bring back the old ui	feature request
It had a user-friendly navigation before, but now it takes extra unnecessary steps to go from a server to personal chats and vice versa. It also takes much longer time to load!!!!	feature request
It logs me out automatically and kept saying I violated there rules	bug report
Its great and all but i says it has a bug and i cant send a video	bug report
Can rarely call out and no matter how many service bars I have, I can't hear the other person. Texting is the best you're gonna get	bug report
This all is excellent but I just fell like thy should be link to add people up like link j can post on ur status and people with click on it and get ur number	feature request
Does everything it's supposed to do, and only goes down like twice a month. Solid.	irrelevant information
It locks up every now n then.	bug report
No Privacy	irrelevant information
Great for school trips and band	irrelevant information
It has been quite useful, and easy to use.	irrelevant information
Great app, does everything I need it too except handling regular txt and MMS.	feature request
Great for gaming/streaming and hanging out with friends	irrelevant information
I can't leave groups. I keep getting an error to try again later.	bug report
I enjoyed the app let's me talk to people with out using my phone number	irrelevant information
Having alot of problems with connecting calls. Alot of times can't make any calls at all. Now don't have a screen for the app..... Help....	bug report
Statuses (invisible, busy etc.) are back, that's good. Still don't like the themes though. Maybe add a "simple" theme? (for 2 more 🌟)	feature request
Don't bother paying for it. I paid the 9.99...got a sim card ..the only thing it does is get rid of he ads ...the actual service does not work unless there is wifi....so no point in paying for anything because it doesn't work. Just use the free version.	bug report
Simple way to keep in touch with small groups privately	irrelevant information
Works pretty good but sometimes they can't hear me when I call.	bug report
The new mobile interface is quite terrible, noticably slower than the previous interface while being obtuse to operate, with no option at all to continue using the old interface Meanwhile discord themselves have shown they would rather help someone cancel their nitro subscription over the new interface than to bring back the old interface	feature request
Ever since you updated the theme. My skype has stopped working. Very poor service	bug report
Since update can't call out won't connect acts like it's going to then nothing..Be in middle of conversation and the call will drop ugh annoying when it's a very important call.	bug report
This is a great app. The app has bug but not alot.	bug report
The new mobile UI is just awful when compared to what it was before. It is far more difficult to navigate especially DMs being put in a completely separate area to the servers easily the worst change to the UI.	feature request
Good, but often buggy.	bug report
Omgggg can you fix this pleaseee :(	bug report
Cool app, I'm new to using it. Will leave a more detailed review after I have used it a few more weeks.	irrelevant information
It has its ups and downs but over all it works good the main problem a reacuring one is 7 out of ten calls it flat out will not let you answer but most of the time you can call them back	bug report
Microsoft has gone out of its why to make Skype so user unfriendly one would have thought it was an original product. No buttons or logic to the lay out or clean line not straightforward design as a punishment for people buying iPods instead of Zunes.	irrelevant information
Been using this on & off for several years it's a koo app for texting calls not too much unless you buy the number they changed it from back in the day	irrelevant information
I paid for minutes and can't even use it cause it can't get a signal even though I'm in the house on WiFi, never waste my money again	bug report
I would give it 0 stars if I could!	irrelevant information
Doesn't update pictures and group names and nicknames on time even when my phone has several gigs of free data	bug report
Usually the app is really good, but since the new update, I haven't been getting messages or notifications on time, and chats have been loading strangely! Please fix this :(	bug report
Have been a big Signal fan and user for many years. Loved the ability to fall back on SMS if friends or family didn't want to use the app. Now with that functionality being removed, I have no use for it. Back to Google Messages I go, I guess.	feature request
Sick mate	irrelevant information
introduced cortana without permission. app bug on google nexus7 screen image mini pic remains on screen.	bug report
texting is fine. when I call someone, they cant hear me but I can hear them. not happy about that. will probably delete app if no response from support.	bug report
Would not install for 1 hour	irrelevant information
Love this app it makes it very easy to talk to my friends but I wish less things were locked behind a nitro pay wall but overall good communication app 😁👍	feature request
I'm going to the store and	irrelevant information
Just love this app	irrelevant information
This app is useful,but I can't send video	bug report
I'm not able to download this app TT	bug report
It's a good app. I like how it runs and stuff, but my only problem with it is its very laggy when u opened it one night it froze my phone for 5 minutes then when I went back in it all my texts were gone. I wish it was less laggy, and that nitro was worth what I paid for. It's cool, but it's not worth what I paid for it	bug report
Overall good app for a group of chosen people. It does what it suppose to do. No real issues.	irrelevant information
All I can say for now is that I goofed and installed it on the wrong phone. Couldn't find an option to change phones or close my account. The best I can do is uninstall and start over with the other phone. Won't be able to give a proper review until after that.	bug report
Not real good well it's glitchy it freezes and my phone number was gone I can hardly hear my friends when I was in a call fid this please I don't like when it took my phone number and I wanted to talk t my friend from the UK and it would not let me bad app in response not a enough call time either I suggest not to get this app big no no🖓🖓🖓🖓🖓	bug report
This new UI took away the discord charm. Feels soulless and corporate now.	feature request
Tried to verify my account and the app tried to charge me $10 a month	bug report
App closes in middle of writing text messages alot. Sometimes calls don't ring or even show I'm getting a call. Glitchy	bug report
Not helpful at all	irrelevant information
I like this app, as it allows longer videos and several pics to be sent. Thank you.	irrelevant information
This app is clunky and frustrating. I had to use the mobile version today while I repair my laptop. It was a nightmare. The layout is an unintuitive mess, I wanted to see the chat while we talked but I couldn't find it, is it an option? I don't know. If you rotate your phone the app loses its damn mind, becomes sluggish, things appear and disappear randomly. Honestly, pulling teeth out of my head would have been preferable.	bug report
Does this app let you talk and text without wifi???	feature request
Great service, just sucks that they got rid of SMS/MMS support.	feature request
Calls are not going through	bug report
Great way to keep in touch with my siblings but I am having difficulty getting everything to transfer to my new phone and phone number	feature request
App worked ok for a while, always had issues sending photos. Now I constantly get failed messages and pictures that won't send. On a Pixel 7 Pro with vanilla Android 13 OS.	bug report
Good app for video conferencing and consumes less internet as compared to other video conferencing apps but a major disadvantage is that anyone can remove anyone during call and distract the meeting(especially when the host is removed). I request you to disable that function and i would be grateful to you if you do this.	feature request
I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE NEW LAYOUT FOR MOBILE! CHANGE IT BACK - Autistic person who hates change.	feature request
Very good 👍😊 thanks	irrelevant information
I love the app, but they don't give somebody number fast	feature request
Discord is broken on my phone lately. I love discord but my messages haven't been sending and my DM with my BFF are all of the channels in every server! I can't see anything going on anywhere. Discord fix it!!! 😢	bug report
Good chance to check out this	irrelevant information
Not to sure about the acual number given to me if it works yet.	irrelevant information
Maybe just give us an option for SMS or improve your mediocre UX around unencrypted messages instead of treating your users like complete idiots and splitting the userbase.	feature request
Easy to use similar to WhatsApp..	irrelevant information
COERCING people to use this more than they wish. Ie use it every few days or lose it.... feels like abuse. I use this app to help low income clients rebuild basic needs. Already lost one number. That is no small disruption to maintaining a support network. I'm not much help if I keep recommend apps that stress them instead of serve them. Should I randomly contact them just because you want me to see more ads? An app is not free is not enslaves.	feature request
App keeps gliching and starts a call then hangs up without completing call	bug report
Trust worthy keep updating and improve video call quality	irrelevant information
The app is overall good. But it hangs too much.	bug report
Good for texting but does not give notifications when messages are received	bug report
Unnecessary update to UI	feature request
This is the most user-unfriendly app I've ever worked with. Ever. Ever.	bug report
Used it for years. Keep cometh back	irrelevant information
I love this app it is the only one that I can use to talk on the phone, send a text or pictures to my baby sister in Colorado. A good signal.	irrelevant information
This is a great app supoorted across most popular platforms. I've run into occassional problems where updates broke previously operable features, but when it's working right, both voice and video quality are great.	feature request
Works 50/50 but I can't pay my phone bill so can't complain.	bug report
Can't make calls or send texts since earlier. I uninstalled it and then installed it again. Worked a whole minute then nothing. It's too much work for nothing!!	bug report
Everytime is not working good and video calling are gonna damn scrathes i really dont like this now before it was working very good you deserve zero star	bug report
Good for Me stop people from following you, around,just don't take pictures around appliances, because you can here when people are stalking you around, like so call family,that's my stalker's	irrelevant information
Does not allow me to tag all users in my group.	feature request
I tried countless number of times but I couldn't get any number	bug report
It keeps glitching at the signin.	bug report
I really hate this design version please bring back the ole one	feature request
Good service!!!  Just don't like having to watch videos to earn minutes..or have to sign up with offers that take you to different websites that have nothing to do with the original offer!!!!	irrelevant information
This is the best chatting app I have ever used tbh	irrelevant information
It sucks, I went to the login and I put my phone number...It didn't work, I put my username...Didn't work, and I did my email and that didn't work either. I don't know why this app won't let me login, but it could at least let you login with the right info, it says invalid when I literaly put my correct information in. I hate it, and I think it should work on it's sighing in part.	bug report
Really not enjoying the layout and UI, please revert some changes	feature request
Giving it a 5 star just because it collects NO USER DATA and no intrusive ads.❤ But if that changes, I will be back to change my rating as well.👍🏽	irrelevant information
Super great app, until they decided to put in a new, horrible, extremely glitchy UI in the mobile version. Love how the app just starts calls now and is super annoying to go through. Other than that, the app is actually pretty useful, so I'll just cope with it.	feature request
Improvement. Still confusing to use when trying to make a straight call. Too hidden to find the dialer. Not sure when I'm calling a contact if it's calling as a phone for Skype call which is different	feature request
Works better them most apps	irrelevant information
App displays emotes, names and text oddly quite frequently now.	bug report
I tried logging in but the code is not working	bug report
Great App - Keep Up The Good Work	irrelevant information
Samsung Galaxy S10 user and trying to use the app to join voice channels is cancerous. Bluetooth headset connects for a few minutes and then microphone stops working and the app uses my regular call speaker for output even while having the Bluetooth selected. Absolutely unusable for voice.	bug report
there is no web version to link it except for that all good ,	feature request
No facility of video calling in my app. Why?	feature request
Great for family use and easy to use	irrelevant information
Thanks Signal For Make Communicate With Peoples Around The World Through Multiple Ways Very easily.	irrelevant information
I use group chat A LOT and it really bugs me how u cant tell whos who and if you dont start the ng roup chat it dosnt show up, like my friends will make 1 and every time somebody says something on it it will just show up n our convo with just us. Also in my singular convo's my message will take 10 mins to load if i wasnt already in the convo.	feature request
well for those of us who are broke amd dont understand how things work it is helpful for simple connectivity. but i dont like the conflicts and apparent pushing the risk around capabilities that keep me scared of those i love n downright uneasy every other time	irrelevant information
About 2 weeks it was perfect, But now App is getting hanged after 5 seconds. I thought updation will change the problem. Even then same happens. Except skype, rest of the apps in my phone are in good condition.	bug report
So far I am not at all impressed with this app. I can't make calls because it drops them and it can take hours for a text to go through! Some times I don't get notified of any messages I might be getting ? It's a very 👍 nice idea but so far it's not all that great !	bug report
I love this app ! It's clean, quick and beautiful ! And secure !!	irrelevant information
The new layout sucks. It's extremely unfriendly to users and runs even WORSE. Messages never send and it constantly takes you to a random point of messages you've already seen instead of the newest ones.	bug report
They Removed SMS. Nice app, but I can not convince all my friends to install this specific message app so back to pure SMS it is. I liked the app but it was the merging with SMS that gave it value to me.	feature request
This is an amazing App! I love it although I don't like the fact we have to buy nitro it's so expensive! Maybe there could be some event or something where discord send us nitro!	feature request
The call clarity is perfect. However, the rate for out calls is extremely high. Though it says just 27 JPY per minute (with connection fee of 10 JPY), it costs around 100 JPY per minute.	feature request
If you let me make a call for free please don't cut that call at the 5 minute mark without significant prior warning before I even make the call. Terrible experience.	bug report
Well I was able to confirm a lot of people identities not to be who their profiles portray so I'm using the toll to catch scammers con artists and a numerous reminders of fake profiles and hackers that are coming out of Hades in Indonesia so thank you for the ability to expose the truth to these other countries exploiting American men God bless America	irrelevant information
Does not work for making and receiving calls no one can hear me it glitches even with good internet all my friends with this app have the same problem. It's so slow when opening the app. It works for texting though sometimes I receive the text late idk why.	bug report
It's my go to texting app, and it's useful to meet up with people with similar interests. But I'm having trouble saving images all the time and calls almost never work as they should. I have problems flipping the camera and connecting audio.	bug report
App is not working well since last updation. That's why I am giving single star.	bug report
Get rid of the stupid small screen when i play discord games on my phone its pointless, and the games would load on that amall screen which would take me mulitple attempts of exiting and reloading the screen, it sounds like a simple fix but its been an issue for a while now, get it together	feature request
Usually I'd give 5 stars, but recently yall are showing me I'm receiving texts, and I know that I am, but when I go to my app, it won't show me anything new. Updated the app, my phone, and restarted everything! And it's still not working...and ideas from the developers? Will happily update my review to 5 stars once this issue is fixed. Love the app. Dont mind the adds	bug report
This is a great way to connect as a group.	irrelevant information
Good but slow and alot of ads	bug report
after install time was set, but when I've moved time zone isn't updated. Can't understand how update time zone manually. As result re-install app. Fix this problem.	bug report
When someone sends me a message from another messaging app and they have the Signal app installed, my reply goes to their Signal app, instead of the originating message app. Many people don't have Signal selected as a default app and if they also have notifications turned off, my replies are never seen, because they don't return to original sending app. This is extremely frustrating, and unfortunately people are not aware that Signal preferences Signal, rather than the originating messaging app.	feature request
Edit: I'm still being charged. I've tried to find the "cancel my subscription" it says it is in my account info. It's not there, I have found no way to cancel this App. Stop charging me for services I haven't used in a over a month. It's your fault if someone texts me. I do not respond to anyone. I don't use it I don't need it!....Just sent an email to cancel. I don't need it anymore as I now have my phone back on. I will write a review once I make sure it's canceled and ur not charging my card.	bug report
this app works pretty well, it's well thought out and it does provide a backup if your Wi-Fi signal is not strong enough. However do you want it does not give you internet access and the interface really need some work because it's just kind of Dime Store play science fiction, if you know what I mean.	feature request
Really not liking the recent UI changes; particularly where I can't swipe left to see the members on the server.	feature request
Not as user-friendly as I tough it would be.	feature request
New interface is awkward. I liked the old interface. The app never worked right on the folding phones, but somehow its worse now and the buttons and text are unclickable behind the task and status bar on my fold4, clicking on a dm in full screen literally does nothing until i resize or open and close, but then text doesn't wrap and I can't send what I wrote. Can I go back? -- UPDATE somehow it went back thank you so much. I've been a nitro subscriber for a hot moment, i will continue support. Ty	bug report
I love Discord, I really do, it's my main way of communicating with so many people in my life, but I absolutely cannot tolerate this new UI. There was nothing wrong with the old one, and the new hot bar at the bottom is painfully unintuitive. Before, I could just swipe to see all the information I needed at a glance, and navigating things like settings and my friends list and DMs was incredibly simple. I just want the old layout back. Maybe an Old Dogs setting or something? This is awful	feature request
This app was great for many years but in the past year they started sending me messages EVERY SINGLE DAY that says "uh oh, it looks like you haven't used your service in a while, be sure to send a message or make a call to avoid losing your number", even if I had used it in the past 24 hours. If you need a free number for a short time it's OK, otherwise you're in for a super clingy relationship with your phone to make sure you don't lose your number and that's even with purchasing the sim card.	bug report
Unfortunately, Signal has recently become one of my most hated apps. It's always been a great app for both iPhone and Android users, but in recently, it's gone downhill. My connection has consistently been awful, so I decided to reinstall the app. Unfortunately, even though I had two backup folders, when I tried to open them, signal some how managed to completely wipe them from my device. Now I have lost thousands of texts that I desperately want back, but there is no hope. I hate you signal.	bug report
Creates a lot of copies for almost all of my contacts in my sim with label "Skype to phone". Android 8.1, Flyme 7.1.1.1	bug report
I hate having to sign in and it never gives me the code	bug report
The ads are terrible. Absolutely horrible. Ridiculous on every level. Not worth paying a subscription fee for this service either. It used to be free or a one time fee, Not recurring monthly payments. That's just absurd. Find another app.	irrelevant information
Do You have to use you're real number? Is it safe?	irrelevant information
When i first downloaded the app it worked exactly as advertised! I was very pleased. Now, however, im constantly receiving random calls and texts from unknown numbers. It is very annoying not to mention confusing! The app still works fine, once i maneuver around the fake calls/texts, which would have earned the app 4 out of 5 stars. However, if it's possible, id like to see a schedule message option, so i can type a text and set it to send at a specific date/time. Thank you for all the hard work	feature request
Froze up to often, to annoying for a simple conversation	bug report
I dont get why ads are allowed to block the keyboard for up to 15 seconds . . .	bug report
Incredibly buggy. Opening one server often shows a different server's content, and it is difficult or impossible to navigate away. The app must be restarted to view new content. Clearing the cache only briefly fixes this and other issues. This app keeps getting worse.	bug report
The one flaw that I see with this app is the sending of photos. I really enjoy being able to communicate with my friends and family, but sometimes I want to send a lot of pictures at once and I can't. Another flaw is that it doesn't notify me when a message comes in until I am in the app. Otherwise it's a good app.	feature request
Nitro is a little too expensive though	feature request
Some times it stops working while writing messages	bug report
new updates completely suck. Actually painful to use now.	feature request
It's an great app... So I'll give it 5 stars... And they're so many updates on the app and it's pretty fine	irrelevant information
good app, but it dumps my calls every time it shows me an ad. not really worth it for voice calls	bug report
Can't have multiple accounts ex. Student and work. Very frustrating. Still having issues and can't call anyone for support	bug report
Worst ever phone app. Stupid controls and secret numbers. Whatsapp or bust.	bug report
Would get 4 or 5 but when you're in a call and they tell you to press a number the screen won't cut on	bug report
I'm really annoyed that I can't send short video clips. Most messengers allow up to 1 minute of footage - I can even send 10 seconds. Also can't send more than one photo at a time - have to send each one individually. Two huge downfalls.	feature request
Needs better support for Android.  I should not have to get on my computer to change the phone number in my account.	feature request
App continues to not load any conversations	bug report
After a while it kept saying I had network issues when I did not	bug report
It sucked u have to pay to keep your number	irrelevant information
It's an okay app, but it has glitches and bugs and when making a phone call it's nearly impossible to hang up, I mean literally you have to turn off and on your phone, but I mean, it's free, and you have to use the number some type of way, either text or call once a week or it will change your phone number.	bug report
The 1st person to get ahold of me was a hacker that hacked and took over my daughter's account awhile back! I deleted it. Please make sure all my information was removed from this app. Very disappointed.	bug report
I am no longer able to send pictures in a server.	bug report
Awesome platform to discuss business activities 📈📉✅	irrelevant information
Simple, clean look.	irrelevant information
Disappointing i got this app to keep in touch with a few friends. It doesn't load properly, recognize people with groupme nor does it allow others to contact me. in short it's trash.	bug report
outbox messages stay there and don't become sent, pc version doesn't have these problems	bug report
Too many ads. And the price of the " gently used " phones are really high... they are new phone prices. Other then that this is a great app that ive used for years. And its still the best app of its kind so far that ive found.. if not for adds i would give it a 4	feature request
This app on Mobile is sorta useless. Nothing ever works and had 0 attempts to make it better. The only things that you wanted to change on Doscord was how Computers and other devices. But Mobile isn't working right. Please try to resolve this. I dont like seeing "connecting" even though my internet is completely okay.	bug report
It's easy to communicate with co workers. It helps stay on top of schedule changes and helps co workers not need you phone number.	irrelevant information
No matter how strong the wifi connection is i havent been able to make one successful phone call. The person on the other line can never hear me. Also, ive missed a lot of calls because it doesnt come in that i have an incoming call. Only shows i have a missed call after they hang up	bug report
These dummies don't understand plain English. You post a review describing the problem, they respond with useless reply. When trying to scroll up/down, app swipes left/right too easily. Frustrating to use.	bug report
New mobile layout sucks. Search functionality was changed for no reason, button placements were completely shuffled around to make the most commonly used things far more tedious to press, and other issues as well. Meanwhile, the perfectly serviceable semi-public design that was available beforehand was seemingly completely abandoned.	feature request
Clunky rubbish, which I continue to use. Excellent app from a privacy point of view, but can no longer be recommended as it will no longer be a drop in replacement for the SMS app. The development team is fixated on adding useless garbage such as stories and shitcoin payments. Also, the message backup feature is quite limited - you can only restore your messages on another Android. High risk of losing your message history.	feature request
Good most of the time	irrelevant information
It would be better if the app asks for password whenever opening	feature request
Useful and reliable for groups	irrelevant information
Privacy matters!!! With quality and encryption...Signal is all together!!!	irrelevant information
Sometimes message not sending and receiving and video calling not working properly	bug report
Work well, convince	irrelevant information
who thought the new UI was a good idea? if it ain't broken don't fix it.	feature request
Newest fail: GroupMe turned off notifications for hidden chats without option to turn notifications back on. Some of us rely on notifications to know when we have new messages you morons! Absolutely trash except for sending messages. Terrible for adding or deleting people or altering settings. But thank goodness we got new features such as dino emojis for likes now! Also, I use it for about 5 minutes per day and it uses a HUGE percentage of the battery compared to what it should.	bug report
Discord has always sorta been laggy on Android, but it has enough functions which made it easy to use. Since the last update, that's changed, and it has now become a mess trying to navigate through. Having to tap multiple menus to get up DMs, and switching back to servers, is a pain which feels overwhelming to me. Prior the the update, I could just swipe to other functions. I refuse to update the app until things are reverted, would not recommend atm.	feature request
Doesn't let you get verification codes without paying a monthly fee. That was the only reason I wanted this app for, to not deal with spam in my phone. Therefore I have no use for this, uninstalled instantly.	bug report
It's good but the new updated discord is really laggy	bug report
It's bad u can't hear anyone when u call some one and u have to have wifi. But its fine ig	bug report
Ugh. Loved it until the update. Now when I switch to another server, I have to close out completely and reopen otherwise it won't actually go to the channel. It's extremely buggy, half the time I'm not getting my messages anymore and some of them when I finally do its hours later. I never had an issue until now. It's my main way of contact for streaming and custom lobbies and now I'm questioning how it'll work for my upcoming community night when we NEED it to talk on certain games 😪	bug report
thank I appreciate the service	irrelevant information
Discord was once a great app to use, now they've gone the way of most things these days: overburdened with microtransactions, terrible UI changes for no reason and membership only content that doesn't feel like it's all that worth it. I'm debating on cancelling my nitro and closing out my account at this rate. Unless they severely change course, find an alternative.	feature request
Audio in calls are terrible and buggy	bug report
Why pay for minutes when there are apps like text now and talkatone for actual free unlimited calls and text. Thumbs down.	irrelevant information
Terrible app interface	feature request
Great and doesn't use sms	irrelevant information
Bad calling	bug report
The app is alright. Some connection issues but that's about it. They could make it look a little cooler to but that's just me picking at it.	feature request
U need Facebook	irrelevant information
It's ok if you have someone to talk too	irrelevant information
texting is fine - for calling, i use a different app.. they almost never work, whether (attempting) making or receiving.. its frustrating.	bug report
Forced to update. Now the app won't open. 😳	bug report
I used to love this app until recently it started just ending every call after about 30 seconds. It's as if the app just closes. My wifi is good and everything on my phone is good so I dont know what the problem is but its VERY frustrating!! Can we fix this plzzzz	bug report
Warning!!!! Caution!!!! ⚠️⚠️ DO NOT USE APP! They terminated my account because I have VPN on my phone which they do not like. When I clicked the appeal termination discisson, they'll ask for everything, including your DOB and home address. Something scammers would ask for in spam emails. Shady app, read their fine print. It just gets more suspicious and shady.	bug report
I think this app is good but only in us !	irrelevant information
I hv this app since 2020 and never faced issues, but now when I try to ping someone, the dialog box doesn't let me click on anything and glitches.	bug report
Bard has saved me considerable time in doing searches. I do many searches a day both for work and personal use. It is easier to get a recipe that I want from bard than it is to go to a recipe site for one example. I have seldom used conventional search since starting to use Bard. In hundreds of queries, I have encountered mistakes only about three or four times, and they were easy to recognize.	irrelevant information
Photos won't load!!!!!!!!!!! Must fight with it and retry or just resend over and over and over and I use this for work so it is very frustrating. It worked just fine for years. What happened?! You made money from the app and you passion went away? Or you got bought out and the owners don't care? Be better.	bug report
Only use for work... Idk	irrelevant information
I rarely get notifications that my friends are trying to talk to me... and that makes me sad.	feature request
Less than perfect privacy model. When someone from my contacts first installs the app, I get a notification. It's nice, but occurred to me that someone might not want to announce to their friends that they're using the app. It would be nice if the default is to not notify others, with an option to do so later. There *is* an option for me to turn off notifications of when others use Signal, but no way to prevent the service from notifying others that I'm using it. Fix that, & it's a 5 star app.	feature request
I like it but they can't see the emoji's! & when they send me pictures. I can't see crap!😡. & sometimes I don't get notifications when someone texts me!! Fix this!!😡	bug report
Not what it claims to be. Stick with phones text.	bug report
Confusing setup getting added to groups. Also confusing figuring out how to get notifications working. Definitely not a fire and forget app.	feature request
The New update takes WAY too long to load, and the signature is in the same line add the text... that really sucks.	bug report
Good Work	irrelevant information
Pretty good but...it doesn't notify me anymore when I have messages! Also it keeps showing I have a notification of some sort but I don't have one!	bug report
When owned by British people, this was excellent. eBay bought it with plans to sell it to Microsoft who then made it oversized with far less features and very ugly smoke that mean nothing to anyone so you can click with trial and error to try and find what you want to do. Terrible interface, eats your ROM and RAM and die very little compared to the British version	feature request
Always been a useful app. Not much changed.	irrelevant information
Signal should have last seen and online feature	feature request
Discord is awesome! It's a modern chat version of old bulletin board sites.	irrelevant information
Perfect connection	irrelevant information
When i call people it dosent ring and the voices cut out why does that happen?	bug report
Its really good for your work place but not to use when its comes to the normal consumer and its use lot of RAM usage If developers can optimize this for many devices like (Budget,Mid Range type of phones) that would be great 🙂👍	feature request
New phone UI is garbage and makes the app very inefficient and unusable	feature request
I'm very disappointed by the december "update" for mobile. Breaking image sharing just to change up the view? Not worth it. It's less intuitive, still doesn't have the same neat features as desktop (like profile pic overlays), and is still glitchy whenever screen rotates. I don't understand why its so complicated; AIM did it a decade ago with no trouble. an update/fix isn't an update/fix if it breaks things that were working perfectly fine.	feature request
popup view mode is broken, i use this mode a lot with discord but now i can't see full image, while sending image i can't send emoji, it's hard to join and leave voice chat, well... All options voice chat is broken in popup view, please fix this, this problem was since Discord got a facelift.	bug report
I have to pay 10 dóllars just for the ads to leave	bug report
Love the app, hate the update. It'd be one thing if the new interface improved the functions that already exist but it's another thing when it makes key functions nearly inoperable like the search function.	feature request
Used it for quite some time about a year or two and it worked great. However, I just recently had to uninstall it and reinstall to make it work right again. It showed removed members in a group and I couldn't take new members as well as a group name change that never took place.	bug report
How is the app calling my phone number? After not opening the app for a day i woke up to two missed calls on my phone from the number on the app. What the heck	bug report
*NEED REFRESH BUTTON* It would be nice if the app would update and be in track time with the desktop version. It sits useless months behind.	feature request
I think that Discord is great so far! But, I do have one minor little bug right now, because well, here's the thing, whenever I go to try and change the voice thing over in VC chat, for some odd reason, it won't let me switch it over to audio, no matter how many times I try tapping on it! So, can you guys fix this for me, please?	bug report
App keeps crashing every time I launch it, and my phone is telling me that it is due to the app having a bug and to wait until the developer has an update to fix it. I love this app and use it every single day. Hope this gets resolved soon.	bug report
Keeps me in touch with a group that is important to me.	irrelevant information
Frequently difficult to connect a call, not always online, ready for a call but must be enter the app first to make or receive a call. But once connected the quality of call or video is good, although the stability of connection can be better. I trust the developer can make Skype better in the near future.	feature request
Anybody who thinks this is private is deluded. There are people selling child porn videos on there. They must be incredibly stupid. You don't have to be a genius to figure out that anybody from INTERPOL can join SIGNAL just like you and me and infiltrate all the groups. Which they do. I know that for a fact.	irrelevant information
It would be nice if it could work off wfi and didn't have so many adds	feature request
It is a place that is private, can share pics and make calls.	irrelevant information
A few months ago send a Picture on video through SMS was fantastic but now it's impossible. Always show Not sent; try again.	bug report
Some few previous updates the sending of the messages is too much delayed even after the network is full and internet is properly working. But the messages are stuck on loading and after 2,3 times signal app open and close then msg will send.. pls resolve this problem immediately or I'll uninstall the app.	bug report
ITS THE BEST THING THAT HAS EVER HAPPENED TO ME ♡♡	irrelevant information
excellent. nice and fast.always reliable	irrelevant information
cant send pictures for sum obscene reason	bug report
when people calling me. It sucks.	bug report
Still working it out	irrelevant information
Works good for me	irrelevant information
Message Delivery is very slow after the recent update really piss me off. This is so annoying Bbye Signal....	bug report
TOTAL GARBAGE,. DON'T USE THIS APP !!!	irrelevant information
I get to call my fam and friends	irrelevant information
I am getting texts late it it is not.allowing for some people sto see when I send them a picture. The videos I send always say that they are invalid and it just makes for a bad experience.	bug report
Best chat app. I love the simple design, that has no additional features that I'd never use, but makes the layout cramped.	feature request
Worst app... App is too slow..	bug report
Best for AIT bois	bug report
Great tool! Used for professional msgn and works amazingly great!	irrelevant information
Good but ive been haveing problems getting back in like it wont let me log in and its annouing and it wont let me make a new account.	bug report
3 star's for TextNow but having little problem with TextNow. The problem is I sign up account on TextNow and they deactivated it why that I lost all my contacts	bug report
I set this up as a business text , cause I work a regular job and didn't want my phone blew up .I got new phone and after I paid for a year it won't give me my number back . I obviously did update the app since I got a new phone and downloaded the app new to it !!! 🤦‍♀️ Someone email me so I have the number still so I can figure this out . I need someone to email on an email that can be replied back to . Thanks !!!	bug report
one phone call that was it then no phone call dont work	bug report
Using an S3, App was ok before. Now, u press a number, first number ok but when u press next number, 1st number pressed repeats itself b4 2nd number. Say u press 6-1, it comes out 661. U hav to erase one if the 6s. Then proceed after 1, say #8 is the 3rd #, it comes up 6118...and so on. This needs fixing very bad.	bug report
The new Discord UI update is terrible. The mobile app has so many bugs. Not to mention, the possible privacy issue due to this update. The navigation of the app got significantly worse too. I don't understand why the people working at Discord thought this update was a good idea. It was perfectly fine before. Please change mobile Discord back to how it was before.	feature request
You're dropping sms support, and your going to lose so many users as a result, including me. I'll change my review if you take it back. You used to be great. My life is too hard to try and juggle an sms app and signal on the side for my five friends who use it. So I'm going elsewhere unless this miraculously becomes a lesson for y'all.	feature request
Force closed. Force closed. Force closed. Come on, Skype. Your latest	bug report
Great app but with them taking away SMS I will not be using it. Without SMS this app is more of an inconvenience than it is actually useful	feature request
When I call someone I can't hear them👎 but other than that it's good I guess	bug report
when i call a 1800 no it connects and two minutes later it disconectd not very good well useless app.	bug report
I love this app it's very up to date. But my problem is I had Nitro, then someone gifted me it. But it won't let me add the credits even on desktop. It's getting really frustrating and I don't want my friend to just waste over 20 dollars on me like that.	feature request
Very confusing	irrelevant information
I rated it a 2/5 because when I want to call my parents it keeps logging off of my account and sometimes I put the right password it's puts 'Oops skype is not working' or something like that. So I try to make a new password lately I haven't been receiving a code. Another issue is when my mum had a new update on her Skype she was not been able to call anyone, it would start ringing then failing instantly.  Please fix this Skype Thanks	bug report
I was trying to use it on my computer, but when I wanted to get into a meeting, the site would keep crashing every time I tried to get into a meeting	bug report
Stupid app won't even work, abuse detector? When I've only just downloaded the app?	bug report
Terrible didn't know it cost to talk	bug report
Slow af and doesnt let you hang up when you want to end a call have to uninstall just to end the call	bug report
Works well and is really safe	irrelevant information
New UI is glitchy af	bug report
Not very attractive but very clear when using it for calls	irrelevant information
Your app has some bugs and i hope you fix it i can't even talk my friend on mic we can only chat i hope you fix the bug on mic so we can talk my friend again 🙏	bug report
It's crazy good	irrelevant information
When I go to sign up theres an error with authenticating o something. I dont know how to fix this...	bug report
The calls suck it makes the other people sound like a robot everything else is good	bug report
It says free it really isn't free	irrelevant information
Texting worked okay, but started getting a lot of scam calls through it, and it hogged a lot of background data. Would also try to install apps without permission.	bug report
Good app a few bugs	bug report
Was solicited for sex on the app. I have no way to report it or remove the people from my chat groups. Could not get any one to respond back to me!!!	bug report
Its recordings are just useless i cant see the screen clearly and even cannot zoom or operate to change forward or backwards even not proper the next media is just below the screen while seeing the recordings so disturbing and useless please remove those things i dont know whose idea was that not even the recordings are full-screen really frustrated about this product	bug report
The new ui is terrible after this update. It was perfect before hand but they added this and it makes everything harder to do especially looking at members it takes much longer to do and the new search bar to look for. messages is all messed up too.	feature request
It won't let me sign up to view my birthday	bug report
This really helpe.keep in tuch of my friends	irrelevant information
Everytime I tried to sign up it said "an error has occurred please try again"	bug report
It works well but evertime i try to listen to music with discord in the background the audio is weird?	bug report
How do I know if I am using Signal?	irrelevant information
app freezes, rings but doesnt allow you to answer at all times and drops calls!	bug report
How do you know when Skype has been "fixed and improved"? When the version that used to run perfectly fine breaks. Why can't you update without breaking a working version?	bug report
Very Bad. Wastage of time	irrelevant information
Needs to support *bold* and _italic_ notations in text chat. Otherwise, quite good. (4/5)	feature request
Great theme and UI. Terrible amount of ads. Too expensive to remove the ads or lock in your number. I think it should be free to keep your number for the first year and from there if you don't use it, it's released to the available numbers list. Ads should not appear after a phone call. It's also annoying with the 'x' to close the ads showing in multiple places and only one closes the ad, the others click the ad to open your browser and go to such website in the ad.	feature request
Recently the app was very sluggish and slow. Please fix this	bug report
the reason I've used this app is that the ui is different from all the other social media apps and the latest update has completely reworked the ui and it looks horrible and is near impossible to navigate please bring back the old ui for the mobile app	feature request
Best app ever to text for job and privite talk	irrelevant information
I hv used this app a lot it works great esp during heavy weather. As with all apps cell phones hv basic issues but they hv improved on many features and I use it daily I am extremely satisfied with it's overall service. Thank you.....	irrelevant information
Absolute trash! Gotta KP watching ads to get mins then it doesn't even halfway work. What's the point?!?	bug report
Actually l always have problems using Skype,but it's me l am 80 yrs,and this is not a strong point with me. And everyone tells me it's free,but l have given you $100ds of dollars???? What is going on,Sandra lankester.	irrelevant information
loading pics saved on my phone doesn't seem to work	bug report
Hello Everyone have pleasant day,I was amaze with this app easy access,helping work easy convenient,comfortable. Thank you for creating this app it me and lot of people around the world who you save and help them to creat new learning experience thru this app.I really appreciate your app and make our live so easy accessible,through this we can understant and communicate people around the world.We manifest and learn more,explore more and more perfect for everybody.	irrelevant information
The last update where you guys completely messed up absolutely everything has left me disliking discord more than ever before. Just yesterday i was thinking how amazing and user friendly it is but after the update today it has been messing me up so bad im half tempted to uninstall. Why would you make it MORE difficult to swipe to see members list? Why would you change the way to use the search bar looking for past messages. The update changed visually how it looks, it looks worse now overall.	feature request
I hate the new layout. I also can't switch back to the old layout. It's pretty stupid, and makes me want to uninstall.	feature request
very easy to use and flexible	irrelevant information
Won't. Instal	irrelevant information
If my phone gets shut off CUZ I'm late on paying the bill, NO-FEAR, TEXT FREE IS HERE! I love this app.	irrelevant information
It's good app but only issue is that the once u r not available to pic call the Ringing is more then expected hence(30 sec) the caller quite the call before reaching to voicemail, it's an issue which need to be corrected.	bug report
The voice messages are of terrible quality It sounds like a voice recording of the 1930s and no it's not my mic in other apps it's working fine	bug report
A lot of bugs and glitches, but best communication and (for large groups ) app ever	bug report
I've had the pleasure of this app's provided service many years, multiple numbers, millions of personalities, but most of all I would remember all the free Wi-Fi calling. Without any doubt in my mind, I would have to say number 1.	irrelevant information
Convenient second number, but why can't I ever hear the voice mail when I play it? Not good, if I need to hear the message.	bug report
They are removing SMS! Bring it back!	feature request
Good tho for the mean time	irrelevant information
i liked it a lot but the new interface looks goofy and it keeps bugging out every two seconds still a good way to chat with friends tho	feature request
Great for a back up plan, no weefee, not calling, lol	irrelevant information
Only able to make 2 calls per day, but least I'm able to connect with people	bug report
So are texts free, or not?	irrelevant information
I am not receiving any messages from anybody unless I open the app. It's frustrating because I had a job interview a couple of days ago, and they said they'd call. I thought that they didn't call until I opened the app, and it said 3 days ago they called, but I never received a call 😔	bug report
It has to be updated every two months and if your phone is too full it stops sending and receiving messages.	bug report
Can switch on the video camera but can't switch it off! How stupid is that?	bug report
this is a great app i would of gave it five stars, but the thing is that you have to littarly pay monthly to even get the phone number.	feature request
Worst mobile update ever.... layout sucks, if there was a button that could revert to previous update, id click it straight away...	feature request
Chat is very difficult with weak network	bug report
Text messages, no problem at all receiving & sending. The problem I experience is receiving phone calls & the other person not being able to hear me, but I hear them.	bug report
Use this for notifications at work between the entire unit and each team or individual	feature request
For a few weeks now Skype video calls do not work for anyone trying to contact people in the Philippines. It doesn't matter the device being used or the location outside Phils. Within the Philippines the video calls still work. Microsoft and Skype have been made aware of this serious issue but they refuse to give guidance or answers on why this is happening. A large number of people within this review area and Skype Community forum have logged complaints.	bug report
Takes time to find were ils at before you can dial	bug report
New layout is unnecessary, unwanted, and downright ugly. There was nothing wrong with the old layout. Every update discord has is more and more anti-user, it's absolutely ridiculous.	feature request
It's very important that we have a nice 🙂 be a good night friends req pejj ta ne kuch 7ttyi hai aur sabhi ka mama and rahane ka koi or number is coming to drop ☔💧 be able or willing I have lots of money and time dss baad ma laugai be a part 〽️	irrelevant information
The video calls are usually good quality, every now and then I may have a bad video call.	bug report
mosttimes when I get an incoming call the caller cannot hear me and I have to call them back. other times when I try to make a call the app will freeze and I have to restart my phone, sometimes 2 or 3 times. other than that no issues but it can get frustrating when it might be an emergency	bug report
Somehow the more this app is updated, the more it regresses. The UI is clunky and unintuitive, menus are hidden within menus and it feels like there's little thought for the user experience. The app is so much slower in general, sending images can take well over a minute for seemingly no reason, and it begins to lag when you scroll through many messages. On a messaging app, sending messages is an aggravating experience! Please reconsider this change, and actually listen to your username for once	bug report
The choice to remove SMS makes this effectively useless	feature request
I would have given it a full 5 star but it keep dropping calls and hung in up my call each and everytime it was not like this before now it is please you people looking to this and fix it because it my business number.	bug report
I just wanna change my username then it said "discord has unexpectedly crashed" can you fix this issue	bug report
Unable to register my phone no.	bug report
Amazing I get to talk to my man all the time since he away for work	irrelevant information
I can't figure out how view members in a discord server in the new UI	feature request
Good app, this app help me get by when I don't have minutes thank you...	irrelevant information
Not as good as it used to be.. slow and issues with typing too	bug report
This app is excellent, reliable and I love its functionality, it needs to improve in some aspects, but it is very favorable.	irrelevant information
Last update led my phone (Android 5.1.1-based Cyanogen) into reboot cycle. It also became too large, so am moving to other messengers	bug report
I just downloaded it to text because it's called Text Free and it won't let me text at all, another app that's a waste of time. It's literally in the name and I can't do it. I type in the number, and the message and the send icon is grayed out so it won't click. Piece of junk I'd give it negative stars if I could.	bug report
Best Thing for gamers but if anyone message it not show on mobile screen when I open discord then He show. Why Thank you	bug report
Easy, user-friendly layout. Had great faultless communication with my sister, who was travelling S.Asia. Pictures, texting all very easy with no delays. Highly recommended app.	irrelevant information
Excellent n for back up number	irrelevant information
You disabled my account for so long but then you ban me that makes no sense? Without no context either!? But good app	bug report
It's good but I can't literally join a call🥲	bug report
Could be easier to maneuver	irrelevant information
No longer rings and doesn't have a n answer button on the screen.	bug report
A one	feature request
All in all a great communication tool but unfortunately you can't do any back-up. I changed data and I can't get all the messages on the old phone	feature request
So far ok just hard to get it to stay on with my wifi	bug report
It's reliable for information through notification	irrelevant information
Helpp i can't find mute button on bot profile	bug report
Me accounts pls	bug report
This app works good for me. Allows me to do things outside of my main number.	irrelevant information
Not letting me login to my account.	bug report
Latest update does not show contact images.	bug report
I like it but the fact you can't delete anything sucks. And it's been freezing up lately and probably needs an update.	feature request
Will not allow me to verify my phone number.	bug report
It's cool texting	irrelevant information
it is good because it doesn't cost	irrelevant information
Good at for messaging w/ encryption	irrelevant information
Latest update absolutely ruined the mobile UI. Change for the sake of change on the user end with no actual improvements. God help us all if they bring these changes over to the desktop app.	feature request
I used this app before on my iPod and it worked great but now I'm trying to get it on my phone and it won't let me download it.	bug report
love the app. Helped out when my main phone shattered when it hit the pavment. I can always rely on them and I get easy to remmeber #'s Thank you for the serivce	irrelevant information
Sorry for the inconvenience, but I can't put normal phone emojis on my server chats and channels anymore. A bit frustrated and upset because I tried finding out what the problem is exactly.	bug report
I have a paying subscription and I've locked in my number. I haven't received texts from people. They send me the screenshot on my end of multiple texts but I didn't get them through the app. FIX THAT! It's a big issue and I'm thinking I'll cancel if it continues.	bug report
I wanna cancel nitro but I cant till November 4th and I don't wanna get charged for it, I tried to cancel it didn't do so. Also can you guys delete my data about card and stuff like that.	feature request
Won't load after update	bug report
It comes in when you tap in on the app and outcomes through	bug report
Horrible. Always cutting out	bug report
Great quality of sound and connections, BUT difficult to navigate (poor user interface design).	feature request
**edit** dropping to 1 star and canceling my recurring donation. Removing SMS capabilities was the dumbest thing you could have done. **edit** Apps like this are what we need to break free of the virtual "chains" shackled to our wrists by these giant tech companies. Support this app, rate it with 5 stars, and donate a few bucks if you can.	feature request
Removing sms is a frustrating move	feature request
Very stupid app Worst app ever It has stopped working tried over 5numbers to open it yet it keeps saying i am a robot	bug report
I'd like to be able to present my slides and go through them through	feature request
Has improved since 2017. Less dropped video calls. Less pushing of "features" that I don't use. Now if they can add encryption, I won't fully migrate to Signal.	feature request
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. Please, why destroy something that was great in the first place? Companies these days really like to fu*k up their products. I thought you were different. There are also first signs that there will be stories from sponsors and lots of ads... You seem to be slowly rolling out updates towards that kind of platform.	feature request
Completely unnecessary ui change that makes the app more complicated to use. Why try to fix what isn't broken.	feature request
It will not download	bug report
Is there any way to change the number .	irrelevant information
Too much glitches	bug report
This is a great app for someone that have no number to contact others..... but I want you to improve the voice chat for mobile device it is always freeze my screen... the call function to whenever I use it I can't hear other talking pls improve it	feature request
I like the app a lot though there are some features that should really be added. A way to press on someone's profile picture to get the full picture and some free options for pfp, banners and profile design (in general). Making everything pay to get is very boring and doesn't really encourage much if you won't allow any free options. Maybe free options could be like a small custom feature where you can create a simple backdrop with discords options.	feature request
Not think is use a app	irrelevant information
2* because I can only make 1 phone an hour it seems.... After that the calls connect but have no return voice.	bug report
Good except it won't let me send pictures	bug report
Not a bad app at all. TextNow really helped me when I was in a pinch and now I use it daily.	irrelevant information
Slow not intuitive and frankly serious downgrade from previous version. I mean just a simple question of "who is online" is so difficult to figure out it is not worth waiting for the app to load. Just one bad example of many. It used to be the best program.	bug report
It is just to confusing. It have a lot of bugs and when I tried to login with the same email and stuff cause the other one I got kicked out of for no reason and I couldn't sign in or nothing	bug report
Aww 🥰 best app of the year	irrelevant information
Discord is the ultimate creation for gamers.Love discord using more.than 5 years.	irrelevant information
It's work better	irrelevant information
When I changed my phone, failed to transfer the record and media stored in my old phone.	bug report
messages nor calls despite having notifications enable and set to priority	bug report
Overall, this app performs poorly. It spams my phone with notifications, even if they're old. Notification icons, vibrations, and noises are inconsistent as well. Thankfully it no longer pops up old messages as new (like it used to). Definitely some room for improvement.	bug report
Good app for group chatting	irrelevant information
Not the best but its ok ig	irrelevant information
some problems is there 🙃	irrelevant information
This apps not a good.....this apps heavy log in problems. This very bad apps	bug report
Fantastic way to have group chats with ease!!	irrelevant information
It seems to be working now but I will let you know when we leave here in the afternoon ☺️ thanks for everythin	irrelevant information
Difficult app	irrelevant information
It cost not paying for it. It says for free but it ia not.	irrelevant information
Where the fk is the server wide search button	feature request
application. Was much better before Microsoft bought it	irrelevant information
After awhile it wont let me text or call so I delete the app and install again but it wont let me login. So delete and install again then it works. then the cycle starts again	bug report
Easy to Access	irrelevant information
I still like using the app, and there are some bugs, but I usually don't mind them. It would be better if the call button was in the users profile section, Most times I keep hitting it when a notification from another app comes up and as soon as I try to remove it I ended up hitting the call button	feature request
Excellent service for reliable, dependable, highly confidential communication.	irrelevant information
It seems the most recent update has fixed alot of the issues that i had with the app	bug report
This app was excellent before the SMS feature was removed. I no longer have a reason to use it. Sorry guys.	feature request
Facing problem regarding network. When I'm on call, it get disconnected showing network failure. Even though I have a good internet connection.	bug report
I love the app, but the new layout is horrible. It was so much easier to navigate before. If something isn't broke, don't fix it. Please listen to community feedback and revert the layout. Nobody likes it.	feature request
its good so far no complain as of yet	irrelevant information
It seems to have bugs and make me have to reset phone often	bug report
Bring the old layout back. This is generic and boring, not to mention the navigation. Rounded corners and more menus don't equal good. Just stick with what you have and build on it. Your app was fine, why change what's good??	feature request
Don't get all my minutes	bug report
Picture messaging works one minute then the next its out	bug report
I'm continuosly getting random calls. When I pick them up nobody talks, and when I ignore them I get a voicemail which is also completely silent from them. I'm sure these calls are coming from some automatic system because nobody knows my TextNow number as of right now.	bug report
Fix this	bug report
The app no longer works on my moto z play	bug report
I like it just wish you could earn more then just a few credits when you watch a video	feature request
paid for nitro but did not get it and yes i did report and got a ticket but still nothing	bug report
The app works great for keeping up with my Bible study group.	irrelevant information
New update Skype no longer loads correctly and fails to work on an android phone	bug report
Never could make call	bug report
After the last update I couldn't send any files or messages (kept saying sending) and I still don't get notified when somebody calls me... Had to delete and reinstall, enable all requirements to make it work, but my mobile still don't ring when someone calls me on Skype. I also have to convert or crop any video I am trying to send because it doesn't allow me to send almost anything longer than 1 minute...	bug report
I had to download this to have a group chat with my dorm and I legit never get any notifications. I even went through my settings to turn on notifications, only to find they were all on. When I looked through the app to find a way to turn notifications on I only found an option to MUTE the chat, which is not what I need since we are supposed to be using this for important info and announcements.	bug report
good app just wish they gave more min	feature request
This app is trying	bug report
Worse App.. it drops calls or doesn't receive the calls. I get voicemails and the phone doesn't ring for the call.. I use my minutes..which I purchased to check voicemails or to call back the dropped calls constantly! All I see is the app taking money for minutes! Moneymaking for the app bad for us users! I contacted support..just to be told uninstall and reinstall the app.. it doesn't work support! Not that you care! You have my money!	bug report
Very easy to stay connected	irrelevant information
slow and glitchy	bug report
Discord was ok until i play roblox. I always play with my friend in roblox blox fruit. As soon as i join my friend at third sea i cant talk to my friend so yea discord please fix dis	bug report
Nostalgic video communication platform, I use it a lot even nowadays to stay in contact with my friends and family	irrelevant information
Drops nearly every call on wifi also makes high pitch sound when trying to take call on bluetooth speaker???	bug report
It warms up the mobile phone considerably, in the long run, it is a harmful app. Additionally, its connection with the rear phone camera is unstable. It is often blurred.	bug report
It seems I'm only able to receive text messages but can't send any out how do I fix this issue,? It's getting really annoying.	bug report
Used signal for quite a while now... For multiple reasons. Now it's trendy for government officials to CYA with this app as well. Good trends catch on quick. However nothing replaces good opsec and comsec. Cheers	irrelevant information
The notifications on when message comes in should be like of the older version. When I miss a message, an orange dot indicator should be on my phone notify wall.	feature request
I don't like that I can't edit messages. It allows to delete, but does not allow to edit - it's nonsense.	feature request
Old version was good and reliable. New is awful. Not user friendly. Big mistake to make changes.	bug report
Great app, but on mobile some tabs dont even open.. but its a great and usefull application.	bug report
I like the app very much but sometimes I can delete my comment and then other times I can't. Not cool. It's updated so I don't know what the problem is.	bug report
new ui is bloated and a mess	feature request
JUST installed it and it asks me to rate it. Well, enjoy my rating.	irrelevant information
App wants you to turn on your location settings so it can give you a local number. Then they promise they won't use it to track you. Who honestly believes that? Just ask people what area code they want and stop trying to steal their data.	irrelevant information
Message improvement from my last review. But this new layout from the update is not user friendly in terms of where servers and direct messages are located. Also how are you supposed to view members now if need to update someone's role or you are looking for someone because swiping to try to see just causes you to reply to someone's message	feature request
Very nice social networking app	irrelevant information
Still like this app great awesome awesomeness also is good.	irrelevant information
The app is easy to use and works well for a group chat. I would love to see and EDIT option on messages I send since I tend to hit send before actually reading through my message (☹️). Also, would love to see more reactions than just the heart ❤️. Those two things would push my review to 5 stars.	feature request
use low date theme on Android.11 software with useable phone tools	feature request
It works pretty good, but I've had issues adding people.	bug report
Very good communication app but their log in or out system is vary frustrating to use. And they're security system is very bad. I was jocking with my friend and told him my age is 12 although i am 19 they just deactivated my account. I have emailed them but got no positive response. Hope they fix this issue.	bug report
I really like it just wish I could talk and text without wifi	feature request
Vedio not snd by any I'd	bug report
Used to a 5 star app. But lately since the last two updates my texts will show up in the notification bar but when u go to open them they aren't there. It takes about half hour for them to finally show up. I also can't make it receive calls. If I call out it just ends and kicks me back. An incoming call with show but there is no way to answer it. The answer but is no longer there.	bug report
Trash app refuses to work. Stuck with "logging in..." message that wont go away.	bug report
Not sure about the overall privacy of this app	irrelevant information
Some times exceptional sometimes not	bug report
The updates are aggravating. I just had my account signed out and then have it tell me I don't have any contacts unless I sync it with all of social networking. Seriously? I don't want that much involvement.	bug report
which I will never do! I just want this to be fix so I don't have to use it	bug report
Want to love this app, but without chat history import, its a nonstarter.	feature request
It won't save the photos I recieved. What's the point of even recieve any type of multimedia if it won't save?	bug report
When I started using the app it worked as designed. Since the last update when I try to place a call it rings once then hangs up. I have reinstalled it and aldo restarted my phone. Three stars because it did work at first but now it is not working.	bug report
Texting is good. Calls, on the other hand, get dropped or the other party can't hear you speaking, even with good/excellent 'quality'.	bug report
Bitc qww	irrelevant information
People have been ordering me for sugar glider what is that I don't sell them	irrelevant information
Makes texting easier. No messaging issues between Apple and other phone OS like Android.	irrelevant information
I loved using Discord, but over time, with the new update, it crashes every time I enter a group or something else, but i tried logging out, logging back in deleting it, and reinstalling it but it never worked pls fix this	bug report
Great app but would like to be able to edit.	feature request
Used to work a few years ago. But now I have a paid number but it keep say unable to process payment and won't get verification messages. I've already got a different provider I just want a refund. I can screenshot the errors if needed.	bug report
Privacy lock is not working properly.	bug report
TERRIBLE IT CRASHES ALL THE TIME. GO BACK TO THE OLD DISCORD!!! Honestly it won't let me see images and it kicks me out of call as well	bug report
It is a great opportunity I am looking for work and having financial difficulties so this app made it possible for me to find work. I want to thank you from my family to yours we almost was homeless so again thank you 🤎💙💜💯🤝	irrelevant information
It sucks I never know if the person I'm talking to is there sometimes I'm there waiting 4or5 minutes before I realize they're not	bug report
One star to the support, they never answer back. Poor	bug report
Dropping SMS support kills my use case for Signal. I don't want to use one app for txt msgs and Signal for everyone else on Signal. The 2nd star I'm knocking off is because the MMS Errors haven't been fixed in over a year, probably bcz it's dropping support for it. Good app, but you're making a mistake dropping SMS support. Tons of Android users will drop this and switch to Google Messages.	feature request
ok. could be better. sometimes crash.	bug report
would give a 5 star but recently when i click a photo so i can see it fully and zoom in more, it just goes black screen. now me and my friend have to send pictures one by one so i get to see them fully. if we send them by bulk and we click to view it fully it just doesnt show anything.	bug report
everytime I make a call, the whole screen turns black and I can't end call. Have to hold down the power button and restart the phone!	bug report
Works half the timr..	bug report
Good app to puss the ex off with haha	irrelevant information
Texting app works great. But I buy minutes and phone calls echo or drop	bug report
no problems currently	irrelevant information
Good quality app	irrelevant information
Extremely well made app	irrelevant information
Notifications are broken. I thought it was my old phone but no, I have the latest Samsung and only Skype's Notifications are messed up. They either show up 4 hours late or don't show at all. Messaging and calling works fine but it's incredibly annoying that the notifications don't work.	bug report
Too many bugs after the new update and they still haven't done anything about it. I suggest you do not use chat gpt to code this app. Thanks	bug report
The video is not clear at all.	bug report
Quite good for chats etc	irrelevant information
Everyone should use it	irrelevant information
Just when you watch videos to get free minutes it does not always give them to you. I'm always missing calls because I never get them. Is it okay app needs a lot of work.	bug report
When i can try to connect	bug report
It works I can text any body I choose but unless I check on the app every few minutes I never find out if I have a message or not	bug report
Was a pretty decent app until they decided to make certain numbers unsupported. I deleted this app because of that reason alone.	bug report
5 stars prior to this last UI update. There NEEDS to be a MEMBER tab at the bottom! I want to see all members and their statuses (optionally - not just by channel) in just one click. Removing the swipe to view members was a big mistake, please revert back somehow.	feature request
Gets the job done	irrelevant information
great app! but when i tried changing my username again i put in my correct password and correct other user to change but it said invalid password so could you please try to investigate on why this happened?	bug report
You are not a social media app, stop acting like one. Know your audience. Also the removal of SMS is the final nail in the coffin. Time to look for a replacement.	irrelevant information
This "are you human" keeps popping up when I try to message someone wth i can't even even message with out this "are you human" popping up	bug report
Doesn't alert you when getting a call or text until you open the app then it tells you that you missed a text an hour an a half ago an a call 45 mins ago	bug report
Latest update layout is not good. I much prefer the layout that matches the desktop experience. At this point it seems like a vast majority of Discord users dislike the app redesign. The app is still functional but I find myself unable to get used to it when the desktop version and the mobile version were so much better when they were similar in layout. I can barely control my calls anymore and I have a hard time with my phone automatically using handset mode instead of defaulting to speaker.	feature request
I paid for TextNow plus that keep picking on me about minutes avoid losing my number but I still get harassing messages from them about spending more money	bug report
I've been paying for the Text Now app for about three consecutive years now for work purposes. It takes a long time for my messages to load, I'll delete the app restart my phone and redownload the app which I've already done today and it's still taking a very long time for my messages to load. Which is sad because like I said I pay for the app I think I'm going to go see if I can actually get like Bell or Rogers with the phone number that I'm using	bug report
The app does not allow me to open an account	bug report
Can't hear other ppl voice	bug report
Need credits to make a call... That can be annoying on an urgent situation when you have no credits.  I suggest TextNow.	feature request
Such a horrible app, I get my main discord account with all my friends overseas deleted all because of a joke I made in a discord server. Some kid asked for my age and my response was -7 in which is obviously not valid as an age and obviously a joke. Man discord you are such a DISSAPOINTMENT and you disgust me	bug report
I've been using this app for around 2 years and it has been a good way to communicate with friends, but what I pretty much don't like is the new update thing, it's not really all that bad, it's just the photo thing, otherwise I enjoy it.	feature request
Please let me download skype	feature request
Very beautiful	irrelevant information
The ads are unbelievable. It makes this app unusable. I'd rather use carrier pigeons. You have ads playing in the middle of dialing a phone number that can't be muted. It makes your app unusable. Or if you don't get ads, the screen goes black. Tf	bug report
Garbage didn't register but log in with us number that made me lose money . A lot of ads bad menu. Greedy losers	bug report
I use because others do	irrelevant information
People can't send me pics back	bug report
U can't hear the people when u talk to the person on the other end	bug report
will there ever be a lite mode or data saver? not everyone can handle this bloated mess and its internet-hogging?	feature request
I WANT MY OLD MAIN ACCOUNT BACK I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING I CANT GET IT BACK ! My Old account is glitchtrap3601 how do I fix this problem My personal laptop broke and I can't verify my email it dont send to my email what do I do?	bug report
The new design just doesn't feel right	feature request
I've tried giving this app chance after chance over the past few years and it's garbage. Hijacks and interrupts with ads. Doesn't connect calls most of the time. When it does they're either dropped or the quality sucks. People say they can't hear me talking and hang up. The app itself seems as though it doesn't want to hang up either. Waste of time. Very disappointed ☹️	bug report
An excellent platform for our special group of ladies!	irrelevant information
Good app, but I barely ever get notifications from it... Which is a problem. I set it up to send texts to me, but sometimes I dont get those either. My school uses this so it's very inconvenient.	bug report
Jipping me out of minutes as usual. I watch videos but receive no minutes	bug report
Bought the upgrade and still can't send a single text without number changing.	bug report
drops calls lot..doesn't receive calls often. otherwise it's great phone app.	bug report
Pretty good so far...still dealing with dropped calls every now and then!	bug report
Typically I have no major problems with Discord (It crashes while in voice channels often but isn't a huge concern for me although annoying) but now I can't cancel my Nitro subscription and it has already charged me early despite my attempts to cancel the subscription. I attempted to write a support ticket but was told I was unauthorized to view the support page. This is on top of losing an account because Discord crashed every time I attempted to enter a security code. These need to be fixed.	bug report
Works great. I'll keep supporting as long as the gooberment and hackers are less likely to be able to creep on my normie life.	irrelevant information
My experience with Signal app, it's good I mean it's excellent	irrelevant information
No one can hear me !	bug report
this was the werst app have sen	bug report
I love this TextNow everything you do on TextNow is just the same as having your phone service if not better.	irrelevant information
Good app but it will be more good as it continues so please fix the bugs for voice and other things goodbye	bug report
Hi I have just installed Signal, I opened it set up, did the verification etc. Sent my cousin a message and went off for a while. Went back to it...now it wont open. Please help. Thanks Bev	bug report
Revert to before UI update. It's hot garbage now. Before it was decent	feature request
The perfect app to make group	irrelevant information
Anyone else having issues on Google Pixels with gifs not working from iOS	bug report
This app was great, and it's still 'useable', but now it's much worse. I don't understand why they insist on changing things people like.	feature request
ALOT of Ads	irrelevant information
I love your app, but the new messages window looks way too much like fb messenger imo. It doesn't have that nice little discord charm as the other parts of your app	feature request
It's pretty fun, sometimes in vc with more than one person you won't be able to hear anyone, or get kicked out, but I think that's a device problem for me. It's really nice for having almost "sectioned conversations".	bug report
Besides the various constant glitches on mobile app, everything is great. I love developing my my discord bot!	bug report
Very confusing and its not free	irrelevant information
The app was great until the newest UI update. Now there is lag/delays on pressing buttons and switching screens. Sometimes it won't even let me enter text unless I stop the app and restart it. Everything worked fine before the update. Also hate that swiping right now does a quick reply instead of opening up the right side user list.	feature request
Uploading images/videos are still a problem, especially on slower connections	bug report
I'm not really with this app only because my phone don't act right.	irrelevant information
The app keeps deleting entire conversations or at the least hiding them from me. I'm not sure what the cause of the problem is. Possible help please?	bug report
The app downloads un needed apps on the phone without permission. Too many ads not paying for add free get rid of ads pathetic app	bug report
It helped me discover the love of my life..Mike Scott V...79.5347% of the all the times in your life it's the best app available in playstore	irrelevant information
Horrible UI, cannot change it back at all despite discord articles stating there's an option to change back. Layout causes migraines to look at, features are less easier to access. Forcing the update on everyone and making it unavailable to turn it off will make a lot of users leave discord.	feature request
It would be great if users could opt back in to a discussion if they opted	feature request
L bozo. Nitro is dumb	irrelevant information
It's OK a Lil slow but it's aight	irrelevant information
It works, I've never seen an ad, and I haven't had any problems. It functions sufficiently	irrelevant information
Texting is awesome and calling works well!	irrelevant information
So far so good but sometimes when I try to log into my account it says in red colored text "Service resources is being rate limited" 😠🙃	bug report
like to share my thrill with this app if you only knew how thrilling it is and the editing feature is awesome	feature request
for some reason my discord is bugged out and does not let me use it, it just keeps doing the "Connecting..." Thing, i tried reinstalling it, still does the same thing even if i try to make a new account, and i doubt I'm the only one having this issue since it's definitely a problem with the app itself since my internet connection is completely solid, i would really appreciate if you guys can fix this since discord brought me a lot of joy and it's really depressing to just disappear into dust.	bug report
Never used it thought it was im my mobile..auto update lol	irrelevant information
Its great but not the best that i have tried	irrelevant information
this may be the worst ui change in the history of social media. not only did they break the entire ui, they did the worst job of trying to put everything back. everything has been relocated to the most out of place areas, searching now has to go to an entire seperate tab and can only be done in one chat, chats no longer have an easy add button and now have to be manually added through settings. so many more small and inconsistent changes litter this update, not to mention the random slowness.	feature request
I am using this only because of Elon Musk	irrelevant information
Pretty soon unless they are invited to the app you won't be able to message anyone who doesn't have it. Stupid requirements like this always deserves a uninstall	feature request
still runs slow on bring up and loading texts and phone calls still drop or app freeze's up to where I have to keep force stopping it	bug report
Poor service always cuts out always need a redownload	bug report
This is a fair program.  The texting works great, no noticeable lag. Phone calls are another story even with a consistent connection.  Quality isn't very good. The ads are annoying.  I would pay for an ad free version of the program. If you honestly have that much free time to try and earn "free minutes", get a job and pay the .99 cents..	feature request
The app is decent but somehow it manages to knock out my devices WiFi signal and disrupts Bluetooth in various ways at the most random times. Can't prove it but I know it only happens when discord is active.	bug report
Have to keep uninstalling it for it to work	bug report
Have had issues being added to work groups since I got this	bug report
Lag is better with update, but it still lags.  Also, wont let me save photos. Keeps saying no SD card installed.	bug report
I haven't had a bad experience with this app.	irrelevant information
if u could send and recieve pic messages it would be 5 stars	feature request
The app continues to do what it says.	irrelevant information
Major bug infestation iPhone apparently much more stable	bug report
Cant run oparation without a leader	bug report
The product drains life on my HTC and my friends iPhone  About twice as fast as normAL so we r going to look into other options.	bug report
making difficulty things easier	irrelevant information
Rest In Peace. No SMS means it's over. Damn shame. I really loved it and am not looking forward to figuring out an alternative. They should not remove SMS but I guess they've told us how it's going to be.	irrelevant information
It will not stop crashing and I use this for my main phone cause I have a unlimited internet plan	bug report
I send messages to someone Many a times it gets only one tick and both of us network speed is good still message doesn't send it frustrate me a lot please fix it as soon as possible I am using this app from more than 1 year but the problem is same and sometimes it starts lagging fix this problem	bug report
Terrible app crashes nonstop	bug report
It takes forever to load on my phone, and sometimes it doesn't load at all! It keeps 'restarting' all of my conversations. When it does actually work though, it's a pretty good app!	bug report
Wonderful and easy to use. Worked in a pinch, takes a moment to figure things out but good.	irrelevant information
I liked the app at first but then it started lagging and crashing. I hate how they only give you limited amount of minutes to make calls.	bug report
If I can ever get past this page I'd love it	irrelevant information
I love this app, but since they are removing sms, I will need to find a different messaging app.	feature request
They don't just show you ads no they bomb you with ads and force you to see it. I gave 2 stars because it gives you an extra number. Voice quality is good. ** After the response of the developer: First, I didn't ask for ads free. You can have ads but in a better and less invasive way. You guys have full page ads and even when I called my self with my other phone, one phone was ringing (rang 3 times) and the other was showing ads without ringing. Second, the app does not deserve $10/month.	bug report
Lots of bugs over the past 6 months	bug report
Whenever I screen share on my phone, no audio can be heard through the stream, and when I attempt to cancel nitro, the app sent me to the subscription tab on google play with no way to end subscription there	bug report
After a while of getting used to the new UI, it's been alright. My only issue is that it sometimes to often crashes randomly, when I type something my keyboard would start glitching, popping up and down for a few seconds, it's annoying. Sending messages is still abit difficult, it's like it prevents you to send something in a quick speed, typing it is still abit slow. New bug I've currently encountered is sometimes when I reply to someone, it won't show the "turn ping off/on"	bug report
The automatic detection for the user actually speaking doesn't always work, instead constantly sending audio... I DO like that if I'm listening to something on the device, WITH A HEADSET it sends the music audio... That certainly helps with gaming, just not literally helps. There are a lot of apps that try to be a discord alternative but they all suck. What would people rather do, use a phone call to everyone playing...? No.	bug report
I love this app!! Especially for people like me who have NOTHING! I'm homeless and can't afford to pay for a phone every month. If it wasn't for this great app, I wouldn't be in contact with ANYONE! And I been trying for 2 years to get a place 2 live. I need a phone for that	irrelevant information
First two time I get call noe I can't even with mins on. So. This app sucls monkey. Dick	bug report
No Monet support so looks really weird. Also there are delays in recieving and sending messages. Calls also don't connect alot of times.	bug report
My carmea doesn't work on discord on phone and my gf can't hear me when I call on phone but it work on computer	bug report
I like skype but the old version is way better beacause is all just comes to the sounds and style.	feature request
I love listening music with people in this apo but There are many spam that invite me to groups chat of 🔞	feature request
paid for, so remove the deceitful ad that this app is free.	irrelevant information
Sometimes calls and texts are delayed as late as by 1 hr. This app would delay text but it shows as sent and received on the senders end. Calls just don't go through and shows as a missed call way later on the receivers phone. I would only use the app if what I needed to say or text isn't time sensitive.	bug report
But the video from my tablet is zoomed on the other side although very normal on my side.	bug report
This is the truth and also you can have a wonderful good time talking to your Friends and Family and community members and who's ever i send My love to this Single app ok much Love y'all H-Town.	irrelevant information
Helpful slow	irrelevant information
It's extremely hard to tell people to switch knowing their texting history will not import. That's gonna get me cussed out. I'm keeping it though for now.	feature request
Keep this forever	feature request
Would be better if it stop freezing.. Jus sayin	bug report
I really love the app as it's how I talk to my friends, but I'll be honest the new layout completely sucks, it changes basically everything and all my friends have complained about it as well, it's hard to even find your friends list unless you find it accidentally. When you go to messages you can't even tell who's online and who's not anymore. The new layout sucks	feature request
Good messaging and discussion app. Poor navigation and lack of customization,.	feature request
This helps me contact any family member i love text now	irrelevant information
Esay to use and great messenger app.	irrelevant information
Won't let me log into my account, but even when you reply, you're absolutely no help. Discord's support is awful. Don't download this. This app is way too extra. I logged in with my phone number, and it keeps asking for new stuff. Disappointing	bug report
It's should be able to translate	feature request
Man it was good I've never had a problem as of until now it will not let me log in I've been rocking my number for a while fix it	bug report
Was my go-to SMS app for the last several years. Dropping SMS support means dropping me as a user.	bug report
Very good app for communication when travelling. Also subscription comes at reasonable price.	irrelevant information
I don't know what's going on but I downloaded the app and it keeps saying unable to find phone numbers	bug report
New UI is terrible and I uninstalled the newest version. I have an S22 Ultra and the sheer amount of crashes I had was unacceptable. No idea why they changed it. Worked perfectly fine before.	bug report
Need improvement on video call	feature request
Since the update with Samsung I cant open a chat from the notification anymore I have to go to the app	bug report
it wont let me call our text not even one time	bug report
I haven't used it much to give this app a higher rating. Maybe later. Thanks	irrelevant information
Really good app but I have at least 10 call logs in that app of random incoming calls from unknown phone numbers. Sometimes I even get texts from them. Its really frustrating.	bug report
don't understand why a classification of sex or gender is needed to enter	irrelevant information
No notifications	bug report
This App S u p e r! I have'nt tried-Yet!! Laugh-Out-Loud!! (SMILE). Jo,	irrelevant information
This app has a very interrupting crash problem and not working properly. Pay attention on it to fix.	bug report
Terrible company! I've used them for years, but my account was recently disabled with no reason given and zero help from customer support. They couldn't care less about their customers. Avoid this company at all costs!	bug report
App is awesome, giving 2 stars because needs some features! 1- Send File feature should send images/videos uncompressed/in original resolution 2- Emojis need some work! The overall app experience is pristine, I havent faced any bug. It'd be awesome if you could revamp the emojis - a little fine tuning as they still look old. Other than that awesome job!	feature request
great app, works well. ive used it for years. normally would be a five star app but the new mobile layout is horrible. i have a galaxy s10e, the change happened earlier. please consider reverting to the old layout	feature request
Went to use it, signed in with my Google account and I get an error "account not created". No reason or anything, just account not created. Did the same thing with a different Google account. Moving on to the next app.	bug report
Needs the ability to switch from one account to another without having to log off, just like the Discord software. EDIT: Reply to the developer: Please re-read my review instead of asking me to get a ticket issued. Smh.	feature request
Discord u have to fix your goddamn verify phone number it keeps not let me verify it so please discord fix it and I hate it I really wanna go someone server named "Brodie's" I can't chat because of my phone number private policy	bug report
The UI had no reason to change and is objectively less accessible. The old UI was so nice.	feature request
This app constantly crashes or just doesn't respond	bug report
This was going well until I received a charge for overdraft. I can't find customer service either, no more than texting me.	bug report
Its wrks	irrelevant information
If your a kid and your parents don't let you use their phone then you download this to use but you can't because you don't have a email or anything like that I am saying this to ili kids	irrelevant information
At first it was great but now it sucks i can't get pictures and its really slow plz fix app	bug report
Please add a way to merge all old backup files, without making the database huge. The open source signalbackuptools can merge backups, but they end up being really large, due to duplicate files.	feature request
Unable to place or receive calls after 3 months of using this app. 😑	bug report
The app is very clunky. Not easy to use. The one great thing is the camera quality but the app heats up the phone real hot. I wish this could be fixed...	bug report
Everything was fine until Signal started creepily telling me which of my contacts were using Signal. I turned off permission to access my contacts, but who knows what else they did with that information. It's a huge privacy violation to broadcast to 3rd parties that you're using an app. Maybe Signal is vying to be the new Facebook.	bug report
This app is good for chat,talk I buy the nitro boost but when I want to change cover, "There was a problem updating your account"	bug report
Very buggy.	bug report
Just another group messaging app. They're all the same	irrelevant information
new UI is garbage. so many bugs now	bug report
Terrible. The app is more glitchy than before. As well, they're taking money for this. They have zero customer support when I was trying to cancel my little sister's Nitro. Horrible company, horrible consumer treatment.	bug report
It's a great way to connect with others.	irrelevant information
Absolutely horrible quality after 1 min you can't heat a thing and the call disconnects. Why would I pay when it doesn't even work for free?	bug report
Can't beat FREE	irrelevant information
App. is junk! They are the dregs of the dregs, hiding audio ads under banners so that you can't get to the volume to shut it off. On top of that, they increase the volume louder than what your phone setting are AND THEN, buffer the ad so that you continue to hear it even after you've closed out the app!!! You either sit there and continue hearing it or uninstall the app. Update 4-2-23: sos, ads continue even app is closed.	bug report
Awesome!!It does what it says! Strongly recommend $$	irrelevant information
Can't send messages anymore unless I loggout and log back in!! but it happens too often!! Plz fix ASAP!	bug report
No complaints here!	irrelevant information
No browser app	irrelevant information
Fkawless	irrelevant information
Best app for meeting and online study with friends. Love this app. Sometimes it creates problems but it's ok. Otherwise it is a good app	irrelevant information
Hi discord! I have been using discord (mobile) for some few months. The app is cool and easy to use, plus has cool features! Why I'm rating this 4 stars is because of bugs. I sometimes can't load chats even when I tried everything.	bug report
u bastard , u slept with my wife	irrelevant information
Works great thumbs up	irrelevant information
I couldn't receive any messages from work. When I tried to send a messafe to someone they didn't receive any messages from me too.	bug report
The icon fails to show on my phone.	bug report
terrible calling experience. google numbers are much better and more reliable. every single time i make a call after accumulating many minutes, it will ring only once then go mute on my end. if i recieve a call it will go mute on the callers end after 3 mins every time. very useless app and i do not reccomend it for any calls at all. texting works fine but like i said google has a much better texting and calling app	bug report
Please answer,answer please, Why does the program not ring to create a WhatsApp account?	bug report
They claim the number is free until they want to charge you $1.99 per week	bug report
A very easy way to keep on top of everything happening.	irrelevant information
Not bad with the subscription	irrelevant information
Amazing and happy to be able to talk	irrelevant information
this is app is is amazing all though I don't know why they don't support Google play gift cards..	feature request
I can't get the update because there is not enough room on my old phone for all the mandatory Apps. Why can't I continue with the old version ?!	bug report
Earn minutes by doing surveys.	irrelevant information
Great app like the disappearing message time settings.	feature request
Discord I love you in all like that's how I stay connected to my lover. Bit I can't frickin send images please fix it ^^	feature request
Used to great, but now they are removing support for SMS. I'm having to go help everyone I evangelized this app to with exporting their messages, deregistering their phone number with signal, and uninstalling the app. Really an absolutely awful idea on the part of the foundation running this app.	feature request
It can be ok and it sometimes sucks....	irrelevant information
🎭Keep my phone self from spying ty god Bless 🎯	irrelevant information
Texting my friend stopped working with the latest updates It used to be simple, now it doesn't work at all	bug report
Edit: Discord, stop. We know there's a way to "figure out" the new design. We know how to work it. It's just awful. Stop trying to save face and just revert the changes. Until then, I'm not updating. The new layout is objectively worse.	feature request
I use it for work. Enjoying it so far	irrelevant information
keep having to uninstall and reinstall in order to have access to group voice channels...	bug report
Calls are usually decent quality, menus could be a lot user friendly. Paid plans you have to be very careful as they try to rip you off with automatic renewable subscriptions and sign ups for Office.	feature request
It's pretty good except you can't search for other servers	feature request
I've used this app for many years (nearly a decade) and have always loved that it allowed for a single "one stop shop" for all messages. Despite what Signal devs seem to think now, I never had any trouble understanding which message threads were or were not encrypted... This move to stop SMS support is not necessary, nor is it wanted (clearly -- just look at how many have said this exact same thing). Unfortunately, I too, even after nearly a decade, will apparently be deleting this app soon.	feature request
A lot like WhatsApp. Has a few features that are better than WA and some that aren't as good.	irrelevant information
Well, it is an okayish app since the recent update, there's too much lag to connect my recent chats although im on wifi connection, and the notifications also seems to disappear and no more missed calls/vidcalls notification, sure there's a bugs somewhere, gotta love it if it fixed in the next updates.	bug report
The app is good, but the new update really made everything even more confusing. Which i dont like.	feature request
Removal of SMS cleaved my contacts list since most are too old to get used to a new messaging app, and flipping between them is really tedious so far. The three people I have on signal are also debating just leaving it at this point so that we aren't all stuck like this. Quite a shame as I liked the app very much.	feature request
Low quality photos and can't view gifs. Would purchase full version if I knew that would work?? Why the photos so low quality though. Update, can't even send links often such as Facebook links that I copied. Why, this is so weird!!! Useless app!!!	bug report
Terrible new ui. Downgrading my client just so I don't have to use it. In fact I already did so and it's actually working better. Don't "fix" something that doesn't need fixing.	feature request
Thanks for your patience and support..	irrelevant information
Texting is great. However, calling is an issue. Every call I make has an echo on receivers' end, and when call is good, it gets dropped! I can't afford to keep adding minutes and calls keep getting dropped. Lately, calls are still dropped, breaking up or there's nothing ...like a muted call. Not to mention that when helicopters are landing at the hospital, I get the conversations!	bug report
Finally I have found my true love on Signal and TicToc. Thank you Signal	irrelevant information
Blocks incoming messages unless you pay. Useless app.	bug report
I would rate TextNow a 3.8 of it was possible. It's one of, if not, the best free calling/texting apps I've tried. My two major issues with the app are the large quantity of ads and the speed at which the app operates(which can be a snails pace alot of times). However I could pay a small monthly fee to rid the app of all it's ads. So other than the few complaints the features of the app are amazing. Especially being able to sync your service carriers messages and contacts seamlessly to the app.	feature request
This is the worst app ever. Strangers are everywhere on this app and plus this notification sound is louder than my cuckoo clock. Good by to this garbage. I am always being charged and can never use the app at all.	bug report
Your app user friendly keep on improving	irrelevant information
It wont  let me recieve pictures. Or when  I press enter on my keyboard to indent it wont it just sends. Pleasee fix asap	bug report
To coordinare a group and put plans in march	feature request
I had a baby last year and we have the whole family in a group chat so we can send videos we take of the baby to everybody at once. We love this app and we use it everyday ten times a day 😁	irrelevant information
I have tried to get into text free but it won't work all I see is a Blank sceeen and it crashes when I first try to open the app up I uninstalled and I installed it again and it still does the same thing	bug report
I mean it's good but I've been trying to use it for clubs and one day I had the group then it logged me out of no where I logged back in and the group isn't there???	bug report
USE GOOLE VOICE INSTEAD This app doesn't do code verification it charges extra and too many adds. Google voice is the same but no adds or need to pay extra	bug report
I can't make a phone call all of a sudden it's telling me call rejected	bug report
It's a descent app to keep the texting just between the person your talking with	irrelevant information
Look, if you're going to make us export our sms messages to another app, please implement the feature the day you tell us	feature request
Loving Staying Connected	irrelevant information
I love this app because it lets you call for free and cumunicate with people you know.	irrelevant information
This app has really got to have updates more then once a year. Too many bugs and looks ancient	bug report
It won't let me call anyone, waste of an app	bug report
pls let us change to old ui(it's so bad I cried), if you people never add that then I hope that every fursuit any of you furries at discord get will have permanent lice or something	feature request
This app is hang everytime in 5 min....	bug report
I can only do direct messages not see what the whole group is talking about except thru text messages....	feature request
I like it but I would like it even more if like you could delete your number and change it to a new one without having to logout completely	feature request
Fix your app, Send button randomly not showing i can't send messages properly	bug report
I don't know why but when I try to send a message, it keeps saying "pending" or "sending," even though I can call and have a good connection. This lasted very long time. To get rid of it, I uninstall skype to keep fixing the problem. This happens rarely to me about the problem and the other thing is, it keeps logging me out when I was talking to someone in a call or in a text/typing. It would help if you guys could fix the problem I have, so I can give it a 5 star.	bug report
I reaaly like this app because you csn have a phone number just like on a landline	irrelevant information
Notification won't come through no matter what anymore.it won't notify me when I get a message from anyone.......but other than that I like it very convenient for me at times .....	bug report
While I'm in a call my screen goes black. I can not disconnect call. I have to wait for other side to disconnect. Please fix	bug report
Developers, please blink twice if Elon Musk secretly bought Discord, made it worse, and kept you hostage.	irrelevant information
The discord web application is great and the mobile app *used* to be pretty good but has since become far less usable after the UI update. The app is slow to load and will often "stick" to specific channels that it loads even when trying to select different servers or channels. The changes to things like the search functionality and DM location have also been detrimental to user experience.	bug report
Golden pony boy	irrelevant information
Either my family don't know what they r doing or group me don't work cause I can not find their group even after linking to Facebook so I'm done !	bug report
Support is not helpful. Not getting issue resolved for close to a month. The person working on my issue went on vacation and the other agent told me to wait on her. Why don't you stop charging me until she comes from vacation too ?	bug report
This new update sucked and the updates keep getting worse. It's like they keep tryna reinvent the wheel but every time it gets worse and worse. You don't need to completely change the UI and app. This one update makes me go from a 4 star before to a 2 star now. Jesus christ.	feature request
great to have a group chat	irrelevant information
The registration is failing over and over again, hope it will be fixed soon	bug report
Not sure why this is labelled as a "texting and calling app" considering the fact that calls won't notify you and will just immediately go to "missed call" unless you're in the app itself 24/7 (but that'd be ridiculous), and on top of that, 98% of the time your call will make it so the other person can't hear your audio after a minute or two has passed. Use this app for texting and nothing else, since calling is literally impossible to use properly without it bugging out or breaking completely.	bug report
I think this app is working on Android	irrelevant information
It was good until redownload it. Now when you redownload the app all your information is still up with out logging in. I dont like that, what happens if somebody go on the app that you dont in your business? Pls fix that asap. Even when I log out and uninstall the app and redownload it I don't have to put no information in. That's not safe guys.	bug report
I love the app but there's just 1 problem in the app....I once accidentally made a server and I couldn't leave so I had to make one of my friends owner then leave the chat. I would rate the app a 5 but this is a common problem for me, I hope this gets fixed in the future.	bug report
It's to hard to try out online and app	bug report
Bring back the old original UI!	feature request
Love this app thank you very much for very good Ave I would suggest a different	irrelevant information
Easily one of my top five best an favorite apps to use for all my gaming communications. Way better than using any in-game game chat.	irrelevant information
Where is my money????	irrelevant information
Room to grow, but okay for the basics of group communication	irrelevant information
Dear Developers, You are going away from the purpose, Signal was developed for secure communication, but now you are trying to monitize it with some rubbish features. Since the day Elon appreciated your work, You didn't published the APP SOURCE CODE, & you guys sell your sole to a CRYPTO COMPANY, just to make few dollars. Let it be truly OPEN SOURCE. Waiting for your reply	irrelevant information
It's so easy to use	irrelevant information
Please am fed up on this app, am about to sign up, this is the respond it back to me, You have exceeded the number of account that you are permitted to create please kindly put me through	bug report
This app keeps forgetting my user name so I can never  log in.	bug report
The texting is OK but I can never get around Wi-Fi	bug report
Why remove sms support that's the only reason I use this app. Literally so dumb.	feature request
liked it but... my tablet broke and i couldnt get it back and my textfree expired after 30 days i wish it would last longer	feature request
It's decent but it needs more work	irrelevant information
Hey guys looks like you basically bricked my phone. I write code in Google docs, and I was explaining some to a friend on discord. My phone immediately crashed and would crash every time I turned it back on until I uninstalled the app completely and had someone flood the channel with enough messages to stop the code loading. This hasn't been a problem anywhere except discord. Was worried I'd need a factory reset. This app is so broken I'm willing to blame it for this.	bug report
The apps allow to connect me with my friends overseas.	irrelevant information
EVERY SINGLE CALL I ever made with this app DROPPED!!! EVERY SINGLE ONE....	bug report
It's an alright app I guess, but I have an issue where I cannot change my banner with nitro no matter what, the app also has seems to just have endless amounts of bugs that are on and off in the app	bug report
Absoutely one of the worst apps i everv downloaded and signed up for. Again i have multiple multiple accts, can not access any of them and it tiresome at this point. Customer service is lousy. You can only request something from a company so many time before you have to reveal it for what its worth. Another phoney app created to steal access to your email accts and phone number. 1 star is to many at this point.	bug report
the new UI makes me want to burn my eyes and lobotomize myself. absolutely terrible…	feature request
App works good for texting but the calling part is very testy. I miss alot of calls from the app not ringing, it will just notify me I missed a call. Also cannot answer sometimes as I press answer and it doesnt do anything, have the same problem with hanging up sometimes I hit hangup and it continues the call and wont hangup and even after the person on the other end hangsup the call still shows as connected, closing the app does nothing and I end up having to restart my phone.	bug report
New tonit and so far so good.	irrelevant information
It's a good app don't get me wrong but it always crashes every time I get out of screen share or if the app lags can you fix this please.	bug report
Might just be my device, but i can't download the app, ive tried several times and several days. Restarting does not work.other than that, no complaints other thsn boost amounts, should be 2 per month, not only 2 ever.	bug report
Latest updates made the app lag on weak devices, but overall, great.	bug report
Love the app but do not love all the scam text that's coming through. Sometimes it drains my phone battery	feature request
Great app. Only problem is that it does not ring unless i have the app open.	bug report
It's been really good to use for what to use it for! I've had no problems or issues with it yet!	irrelevant information
Don't understand why it won't let users delete their own comments from the threads.	feature request
Useful, user friendly, works well, good quality but occasional static	irrelevant information
Free with advertising	irrelevant information
I love old discord. New discord app takes too much time to open and also take time to open chat messages. Its put too much load on mobile devices. Please update discord too lower version and make it simple.	feature request
Okay...I understand the need to change functionality. But, they have removed features that I found to be exceptional. Ability to move senders monitor around on the screen. The ability to make it slightly larger without the split-screen compromise. The application priority that kept Skype on when opening other applications. The bug that turns off the recipients camera when reverting back to a  screen Skype. Iwish I could revert back.	feature request
Would like a "live location" sharing option.	feature request
Used it for years, not happy with the changes. I get weird texts from unknown people and can't connect with the majority of my contacts. I'm not sure how it's supposed to be helpful if I have to use a different app for all my messages.	bug report
It wouldn't send the code and I'm just confused how it works	bug report
Boo this sucks it was good then i tried to upgrade and now it wont even open tf auugghhh...this suxs i cant text ma bf	bug report
two days ago i received one of the worst visual uodates I've ever seen on any app. Discord in phone went from being organized and managable to looking like absolute dogshit. it's so annoying to use, i just don't use discord on my phone anymore	feature request
The ui design overhaul was impressive but it's not intuitive or user friendly at all. I do not like how you can't see all your servers at once anymore and how the main home screen separates everything out rather than having a birds eye view of everything. I would highly suggest going back to the old version.	feature request
How did everyone down the chain of command in this company allow quite possibly the worst devolution of a software update to ever be released to the public	bug report
Been good but hoard to the locked in number and still can't get verifiable codes	bug report
I had a problem with an email being booted off of one phone and sent to another one.	bug report
I used to love this app. Used it all the time. Now they are dropping Android devices, which is all I use. I don't have the money to go buy something that has a different OS.	bug report
Ever since the voice message update my input volume from my mic has been incredibly low. I have to yell into my mic for it to be picked up at all, and even then it's very quiet. The mic works fine on every other app. This app has become very vital for my daily life and not being able to use it to speak has been very difficult for me.	bug report
Good app its basically a way you can make new friends online even when your an introvert or so but my discors recently got deleted by itself (idk why?) when i download it, it says cant download discord like bro i have such all good online friends and they probably be worried google or discord pls fix it!	bug report
I use this app almost all the time, but the mobile version got an interface update that wasn't necessary and made certain things not work and more confusing. You know what they say, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."	feature request
Good way of group communication	irrelevant information
I opened it and it instantly sent me to my home screen with no warning like usuall please tell me how to fix it	bug report
Latest update is trash. Hate the new layout	feature request
Disappointing user interface, constantly breaks and completely unintuitive	bug report
It is a great way for groups to communicate, but it kills my battery.	feature request
Nice for group messaging, but definitely not without it's bugs.	bug report
Discord really doesn't understand the meaning of "If it's not broken DO NOT FIX IT". Stop changing stuff that doesn't need to be changed. I will never update discord if you guys keep messing up the UI. The pc version is fine.	feature request
It was always slow while other app$ were fast	bug report
I love the app so much ❤️	irrelevant information
I can receive messages from a particular person but they can't receive anything from me. When I call them it rings once then goes to voice-mail. They call me just fine. Ive been using this number for almost a year and now having issues. This app used to be perfect. I need this issue fixed!	bug report
New update layout is mid	feature request
Very good app to talk and hanging out	irrelevant information
I like this app but this new update kills it like you have to do so sm for everything	feature request
Great messenger for both Windows and Mac	irrelevant information
Very Good app usability for quick messages.	irrelevant information
Video not good low clarity	bug report
Difficult receiving video call, unorganized layout. Lost skype contacts. Not happy	bug report
Nice to have spair phone	irrelevant information
Sometimes I don't get the notifications.	bug report
this app has been a gift from God, my service was stolen by a homeless girl, she barrowed my phoneand managed to lock me out of it.ad I couldn't get back in it. so I just wanted to say thank you so much. Dovie Najara.ps if a girl named tifiny Kubli wants to use your phone think first.	irrelevant information
Frustrated because I never get my texts until an hour later. I have to keep refreshing and refreshing just to see if I have received anything and also if someone calls me, the phone does not ring	bug report
As soon as the app launches it takes over my Bluetooth sound like it's on a phone call. Even happens when I'm logged out. Makes the app completely unusable. Edit: was an issue with beta. Didn't realize I was using beta.	bug report
They put a desktop UI on a mobile phone. Doesn't work at all. Go back to what you had! After more time with the update, it's worse than it seemed. Sometimes the app lags my pixel 6 pro, so imagine what it's doing to older devices. It also does not play well with android's scrolling screenshot feature. This app is garbage	bug report
I keep getting added to groups text somehow and getting like 300 text. Can't figure out how they get my number or how to stop them. Always says it's from group me.	bug report
Wow just fabulous	irrelevant information
I love discord, which is one of the reasons I'm here. I'm having few bug issues where I cannot click on emojis and type properly. Yes, I verified that it's only discord problem. It started happening exactly after I updated the latest update. Please, check it out for me	bug report
I'm 50mins deep in voicenoting and it drops, unprovoked. Why???????	bug report
So far so good 😎 Great app!!	irrelevant information
call, video quality **** user interface * features Android version ** User Interface- starts up in Chat mode. You see your last video call there, click on it, nothing happens because your just in Chat. Features hidden to make UI seem simple. Big problem with non-computer savvy users e.g. grandparents want to see their kids. They get in weird situations by accident which are very difficult to tell them to fix- they switch to Chat mode, just see their own video , turn off video or (worst) audio. Sometimes seems impossible to arrange mutli person's video windows as desired. Android version (only option for Chromebooks)- no screen share, other features missing	bug report
Any I try Oops something went wrong ,I can't open the app at all... it's not helping me all	bug report
Good way to talk to family and friends with out data	irrelevant information
God it's a lifesaver	irrelevant information
This app is alright if you don't have service and can only use your phone when it's connected to wifi but there is a fairly long delay in message transmission time and half the time the voice calls are choppy and drop	bug report
Terrible! Had to come back and edit my review. Used to be good, but now ad content covers half of my text messages. Plus the video ads play loud automatically if your phone isn't on silent. Uninstalled!	bug report
this app is great y'all I tell everyone I know	irrelevant information
Discord team, please i beg you to fix the bug of my discord app. I was trying to have a normal conversation in the vc with my closest online friend but suddenly the discord kicked me out of the vc by itself, i tried multiple times to get back in the vc but it didn't work, it keeps doing the same thing. Not only that, i was chatting with them again but it suddenly blocked them so randomly and there's this screen says "No text channels." I'd be appreciated if you fixed it, thank you for reading.	bug report
Its a good app, But it has some features i dont like so i only gave it 4 stars	feature request
good application	irrelevant information
Unable to Send or Recive Messages But Calling is working. PLEASE FIX IT	bug report
Can't recharge How to recharge	bug report
Not receiving text notifications or any text at all	bug report
This app is a life saver because without it I wouldn't have a way to contact people at all... I would be left with no options other than to get dressed and leave my house, forced to step foot into the cold, dark, nightmarish Hellscape that is the world. This app is a perfect example of the phrase, "you get what you pay for." For the concept and utility, I would give it a give star. The problems start to surface when rating it against other apps and functions of any phone, in which case it's no prize pig...	feature request
Anyone else having issues with this app? Seems to get stuck a lot.	bug report
It's still a work in progress. They just need to add more levels and put different scenarios of hunting, but a cool game.	irrelevant information
Service with the internet is not what I expected.	irrelevant information
It won't work for me	bug report
Recent discord UI change disrupted my flow through the app and will be uninstalling until I can revert it. I needed those functions to quickly navigate to various members of my dev server. I almost never use/need the reply function so making it take over the "swipe" function is mind boggling. Please bring back the function to revert to the old UI. This does not work for those of us who use the app professionally. Simply not using the app is much less of a headache.	feature request
Every thing is very good but there is a problem with mobile application in mobile application there is no option to join public server but in desktop application there is...	bug report
A good way to give away your information - - - - - Edit to Response: I did not state that you gave away our information. I stated that we give it away; to you. 🎓	irrelevant information
Bro please add the public server search option	feature request
I've had this app for almost a week and I haven't been able to make a single call or answer one. app constantly crashes and takes forever to load most of the time. very disappointed.	bug report
2 star review per the new update the app still functions but some of the layout changes are awful and make the app much harder to use, the old layout was 4 to 5 stars the new one gets a 2, calls seem to randomly switch input sources without warning as well, just wish I had turned off automatic updates so I wouldn't have had to get the update at all	feature request
Its cool to be in multiple chats...and I can mute them when I dont want to get dings or notifications popping up.. I feel like sometimes when it updates it only updates for some of my newer groups but not my older ones like on some of my groups I can upload 60-second videos and others is just says 30 seconds LOL.	feature request
Update: now able to upload pics. Great way to communicate with a group at one time. This app has been great to use up until this past Saturday. I can no longer attach pictures and send to the group. Very frustrating.	bug report
Wonderful app.	irrelevant information
I've been using this app for a few years now and it's always had its problems but this latest update has broken it. I'm not getting notifications, messages are either disappearing or cutting off, when I do get notifications they don't clear unless I manually clear them, and that's just the stuff off the top of my head. I am restarting the app a dozen times a day to be able to see messages, and if my notifications are too quiet I get suspicious and check to find I've missed dozens of messages.	bug report
Difficult to set-up and navigate. No help in app	bug report
UI update is absolutely atrocious. I want: •To start on my discord server list •To see the members list on a server when I swipe from the right (like how it used to be) •An easily accessible QR code login button without having to go on a quest to find it The app was okay before, but now it's just a chore to use/navigate.	feature request
Very bad reception. Cutting in and out. I haven't been able to depend on it for work purposes.	bug report
the two extra stars are for the old mobile discord, the new layout is SO CONFUSING AND THE UPDATE MADE MY PHOTOS SEND TO ONLY ONE GROUP CHAT WHEN I WAS TRYING TO SEND IT SOMEWHERE ELSE, the pc version is now a lot better than the mobile one since they both used to be quite similar, making it easier to navigate. id give ilf discord 5 stars but the new one is just no.	feature request
Oldest yet Slowest app	bug report
Vary good app for meeting	irrelevant information
Excellent app for communicating with groups of people	irrelevant information
Works fine for text channels and everything, sometimes has issues refreshing content. When it comes to voice channels, it will randomly switch from Bluetooth output to phone speakers and you can't switch it back.	bug report
Average service	irrelevant information
It takes a long time to download	bug report
It's good because can afford to see everyone	irrelevant information
Getting notifications from channels I don't have notifications on. No setting to disable these and they appear to be poorly made with AI. Really annoying, will probably uninstall.	bug report
Good experiences better than WhatsApp in terms of security and privacy 🔏	irrelevant information
I bought a number but I didn't get it and I have been debited , what do I do?	bug report
Could be improved. Fix the report system, and deal with scammers.	bug report
The problem I had which really the developers to fix is the app crashes when i'm typing for too long.	bug report
Very helpful	feature request
Great App!! I've been using Skype for ages!!! 3 star rating cuz I do not get notifications, making me log in to the app everytime I wanna see if someone's text me or called me... Please fix...	feature request
It's a good app to use when you want privacy and it's doesn't have any glitches	irrelevant information
it randomly updates its interface and it's so annoying especially when it's so confusing and frustrating to use	bug report
Works perfectly well, both video and voice calls are so clear.	irrelevant information
Group calling	feature request
missed call... texts are off synch that I write and the reply is delay or	bug report
Why is it taking so long to download? Did I make sth.wrong?	bug report
This is god but in this app voice is not clear	bug report
App isnt responding well and getting freeze on every frame	bug report
not happy worked good before not now dosent work a hassle to use	bug report
Old one was batter new one is trash in mobile nlg its actually trash and ugly	feature request
It's good app but I thing thr annoy me I'd verification so would you remove verification	feature request
The reviews for this app pretty much explain all that anyone in their right mind would need to NOT download this app, know this app sucks!! Hoping TextNow: Call is terminated sooner than later. What a joke!	bug report
The search feature within conversations doesn't work very well. When I look up key words that I know have definitely been mentioned in the chat, either no results show up or it shows maybe one or two but not the particular message I was looking for (even after checking for misspellings multiple times) A more minor thing is that I hope there will be a wider range of emojis or at least make some of the existing emojis look less... weird (mostly the ones with faces, idk they just creep me out)	bug report
Good overall.	irrelevant information
I love using Discord, I use it every day for messaging and voice calling my friend because it has been the most convenient app to do so on. However, the new updates revamped UI has only added new bugs and difficulty of use. The app constantly crashes or won't load without a restart; marking notifications as read, well, it's a 50/50 chance that even works; though to do that you'd have to get your notifications. This is all on top of just hating the new UI that makes it clunky to use Discord.	bug report
I was finally able to get discord to work so I'm boosting it up to four stars thank you and your welcome	irrelevant information
Experience has been smooth. Would be nice to be able to use multiple accounts, in a similar way Twitter or Instagram operates.	feature request
App works great whenever it connects with wifi	irrelevant information
Terrible. Signed up and confirmed my account but I can't get a number. It's not free.	bug report
I would give it a 5 star if it would just let me post pictures or if it would not freeze on ky constantly. I know tech might say its your wifi connection maybe but when u are litterally right next to the wifi or have unlimited internet acces it hard to belive.	bug report
I downloaded the ap, paid the $4.99 + tax, selected ph #. Tried to make a test call, recording stated that this number is no longer in service.	bug report
Still yet to utilize this app even though I have updated to the latest version. I still can't sign in, and I am using a WiFi connection.	bug report
Before the update it would take a little while to start. Now ever since the new update it wont start. I dont want to find a new app like this. Please fix this bug quickly	bug report
The messages come in late or sometimes not at all.. and when I logout and log back in it deletes random messages and pulls up old ones.	bug report
Why the contact list is not the first thing you see and you need to go under a deep menu to find the contacts? Awful. I like Skype call quality, clearly the best but this UI with no fast link to the contacts y really bad.	feature request
Useless without sms unless you're a spy or a criminal. It might be worthwhile again when the number of people using it grows by 2 orders of magnitude. Nags and ads are ridiculous. Stop it!	irrelevant information
Deleting this app right now. I keep getting calls from unknown numbers. If I haven't given the number out, there should not be any calls coming in. Sounds like spam.	bug report
Discord team, I'm disappointed in you. The Mobile activities no longer work, the UI is buggy and feels like a pre-alpha that was never meant to be released. Mobile and desktop are no longer compatible. It's a data and Internet straining black hole. If this is the path that you're choosing to go down then I'm sorry to say that these past 5 years will be the last. Make the new UI a choice, not a requirement and stop trying to be every other platform. That's not why people chose you.	feature request
My Account Got Block i lost all my data and contacts in the name Term and Codition i'm using the service since 2 years	bug report
calling problem always occurs always takes more time for calling sometimes call doesnt connected	bug report
Garbage redesign, revert or give us the option to change between designs	feature request
Don't really work rite	bug report
My minutes are gone before im done talking.	bug report
Its an ok app	irrelevant information
Thanks I great new phone I like it ❤️	irrelevant information
I can't pin more than 50 msgs. Why? Wth? Fu!	bug report
I just started so not much to say.	irrelevant information
I love using discord, it's the only social i use to comminicate. But this new ui update is horrible, it's making things more inconvenient and it doesn't even feel like discord anymore. It's really annoying to use discord now, i hope you guys change it back to normal.	feature request
"Hello", How was trip 57	irrelevant information
Skype is awesome for calling and screen share. But some times I don't get notified for message and call.	bug report
Auto changes number! I was trying to verify an account and before my eyes, this app auto changed my number about 5 times. Deleted!	bug report
I would get zero Stars if I could I downloaded this text FREE app and was charged $10.98 I immediately canceled the app but was still charged for an app with Ads!	bug report
From last few days i'm able to sign into skype but App isn't Updating any chats. If i turn my Wi-fi/mobile data Off and turn it on again to connect,It isn't connecting. Installed the lastest version but still problem remains. Please fix this issue.	bug report
Better than others	irrelevant information
Why would your service send a text to the number I'm texting ?  Telling them "to stop receiving pinger texts reply here" !	bug report
Good app but they banned my account without reason	bug report
Used to be the perfect app, but they are removing the SMS integration which means it unfortunately becomes unusable for most of my family. Please keep this feature.	feature request
This T. N. app is really a life saver for me...., so far it's just little things that are upsetting.. I'll get to that later in my next review ..., 😏.., there are a few bugs...., in my....,so called..,🤨😒..," Smart Phone"..,and .. my TextNow app... that slow my phone's speed...., 😃.., But..., TextNow.., gets the job done.... 👌😉....!!!!	feature request
I have to update it or else it keeps crashing	bug report
Just installed the app let see how it goes	irrelevant information
It's a cool app but now it won't let me open the app. I've tried freeing up storage, updating the app, uninstalling it and reinstalling it, resetting my device, but no use. Please fix this.	bug report
Like many others, I'll say dropping sms is a deal breaker for me.	feature request
I am a teacher, and this is the perfect way to communicate with a group of students without giving out your phone number and using text messages. It worked perfectly for a retreat we run with a team of adults and student leaders, both for planning meetings before the retreat and communicating at the event itself. I can't recommend highly enough for leaders of school groups!	irrelevant information
Pretty good overall. It.wpuld be nice if added posts more.clearly.mapped to events rather that it all being just a stream.	feature request
The amoled mode is in experimental for years, and, in 4 years of use, no notice about when this is gonna be a truly option, without being experimental	bug report
3 stars bc i lost my first account or no reason but pretty good otherwise	irrelevant information
Very nice but There is no admin in the group who controls Number group calling members should be increased more than 25 person We cannot see all persons's face in video conference in mobile	feature request
My opinion on this app is that it gets the job done and my score of it reflects that (3/5 stars), it doesn't feel intuitive and doesn't do anything spectacular.	irrelevant information
On my old phone, loading images from the gallery sometimes took ages, that was my only gripe with the app. On my new phone and apart from that gripe it's really amazing, better than WhatsApp in image quality and very ergonomic to use, plus of course the big security benefit.	feature request
Downloaded the app on my phone and it was great. Easy to connect and use. Synced the app to my PS5 and Sony Account and ever since have had a world of issues. Generally comes down to not being able to be heard but can hear everyone else in the lobby. Not sure where the disconnect has happened but hope it can be resolved soon.	bug report
Was my default messaging app for years but with SMS support going away I'm not going to bother with it. Barely anyone I know uses Signal and most people don't bother switching messaging apps. It's nice when others use it to take advantage of the encryption but I'm not going to bother keeping track of who to text on what app.	irrelevant information
intrusive ads	irrelevant information
Very good and I can talk with somebody without having any other things happening	irrelevant information
This app over all is amazing. I would give it a five. The problem is that even though I have the notification s turned on, it is not alerting me, and I am not able to see very important messages till days later.	bug report
My experience with Signal over the years has been generally quite positive. It has seamlessly managed plain unencrypted messaging with encrypted messaging and it has always been obvious to me which one is which. For this reason it has been a no-brainer to set Signal as my default messaging app on any Android device I happen to be using. The decision to stop supporting unencrypted messaging though means that it won't be my default messaging app anymore. Which means I won't be using it as much...	irrelevant information
3 stars for good texting quality. Could gave it 4 stars if u could send pics, and could give it 5 stars if you could send video but 3 is all I'm giving it	irrelevant information
Doesn't explain how to use text messaging.	irrelevant information
it's easy and simple to use	irrelevant information
Terrible, so confusing. Doesn't work when you're trying to join groups or just locks you out of the app.	bug report
Didn't like the set up at first with this new update but I got used to it until I switched to super dark mode and it basically mixed up both the new and old layout, which made it hella confusing. I can't hardly call anyone as none of the in-call setting buttons will actually let you click on them half the time. And I certainly can't video chat any of my friends. They can see my feed, but I can't see theirs at all no matter what we try. We even checked phone permissions too, and they were on!!	bug report
Excellent call Quality...only needs optimal light for night call and text section adjustment. It dosn't show online and offline time. It should must be added.	feature request
It's nice for texting but you have to watch ads for minutes to make calls. There is another app out there that let's you make as many calls as you want without having to watch ads.	feature request
Why i cant verify my number is correct code why uncorrected	bug report
I can't get through to people	bug report
Ha Its good I guesses	irrelevant information
Love the app&the service network get a little slow at times but other than that I love signal	feature request
Worked okayish for months, suddenly it's incapable of sending videos of any length which was really the only reason I used it to begin with. No amount of troubleshooting on my end has helped, so as of right now this app is pretty much useless	bug report
Glad text is free but calling isn't. needs calling minutes which is stupid when you said it was free to call any number. Can't hear my boyfriends voice now.	bug report
Worst thing is you don't even know we have been blocked on signal as it is showing double ticks. It should deliver msg as a single, if we are blocked so that atleast we stop messing the other person other wise ok Plz update any new features .	bug report
Dependable around the world.	irrelevant information
It's been almost a month that I'm not able to send text messages. I'm only able to receive them. It works every other day but only for a couple of minutes. Is anyone having that problem... Please!!! Help	bug report
I do not like it everytime i try to sighn in it say wrong password after logging in like 10000000000.times it finnaly lets me in.😡	bug report
I find your description on google play dishonest! I signed up to get a telegram account but NOW I find I have to sign up for the subscription to get a verification SMS.	bug report
The mobile interface changes are horrifically bad. Navigating from one channel to another is now a laborious (and often impossible task), the display repeatedly shows me a user's profile I blocked weeks ago when I boot the application, and attempting to join a call on mobile is a singly futile endeavor, as you'll never be able to hear what anyone else is saying. If you haven't started using it, don't. Find an old .apk to install with, as the developers have stated that they won't go back.	bug report
It's an amazing app I can speak with all my friends!<33	irrelevant information
My discord keeps on stopping again and again even if I uninstall and then again reinstall the same thing keeps on happening.	bug report
havent used yet	irrelevant information
The app is good but the problem is this new update it does add great features like midnight mode but now when I try to click on a notification it would mess up (nicely put it) and not let me see my response and do alot of annoy glitch poops (nicely put it) please fix the update or just reverse the update and fix the glitches and release it I have a hard time responding to messages and using gifs and daily actions	bug report
It automatically logs me in and forces you to pick a number but I already have one. I can't even see what the login is before it goes straight to select a number. Can't stop it from auto logic. Tried clearing the cache, data, force stop and then I uninstalled TN and restarted and shut off my phone and still it goes to select a number. Its an endless loop. Text now works on my pc but not my Samsung A32. Tried logout of all devices from my pc but it doesn't log my cell out.	bug report
Not unlimited as advertised. Only get 60 minutes. False advertisement.	bug report
plzz recocder apshan	bug report
Suddenly Skype is closing on its own. It will not allow me to save video from recorded conversations. I've tried clearing cache and data, reinstalling, restarting the phone, all to no avail.	bug report
The site has poor service and the call keep droping and my wifi is high speed and full phone bars	bug report
I've been a Skype user for many years but I really don't like this new version. It has too many unnecessary features. It keeps on lagging and crashing. It slows down my phone. I hope you can make a simpler version like what Facebook did. Something like Skype Lite or whatever you want to call it. As long as it only has the basic features, that would be better. I hope you can give users like me an option.	feature request
Add pop ups are terrible with this app how can you block add for free so isn't so slow.	bug report
Slow with chat history, wasting a lot of resources when loading it. And now it has a UI bug in the main screen, the first conversation is overlapped by the header where it specifies my account/search bar.	bug report
I can't complain to much for a free service. All you need is a WiFi and you can add more minutes by just watching videos.	irrelevant information
Better than other apps, but could be better.	irrelevant information
I got a new phone and now am unable to message my contacts. The safety numbers won't coincide with my preexisting contacts.	bug report
Calls drop constantly. Glad it's free because I wouldn't pay for this level of service.	bug report
I like the privacy. It's the best communication app for me having family miles away. I always have a strong signal to send texts & have phone conversations. Thank you.	irrelevant information
quite stable, for me this is important	irrelevant information
Discord isn't working again for phone! :(	bug report
Have to buy minutes	irrelevant information
If yalll don't lemme text, bc ons yall trippin talm bou "your account is limited at this time" like helloooooooo I ain did shii wrong	bug report
This app is broken!!! I log in to my account and it just shows a white screen!!!	bug report
You're mobile app sucks balls, simply because of the pop up box that comes when you are on a call with someone. Is there any way to get rid of that damn thing?	feature request
better privacy and more accurate calling with text and call app.	feature request
No sms. Very bad.	bug report
Good than the before	irrelevant information
Had to reinstall and lost all my prior messages.	bug report
I appreciate having an app like this or I would not be able to make or receive calls and texts. It would be super if they can work out some of the frequent problems with most calls. Texting works much better.	feature request
Get most notifications, but not all of them	bug report
New to the app, i needed it for my business and verification code. They wont give me my verification code, they sent nothing at all	bug report
they've run out of useful features to add so they just keep piling on useless cash grabs. turning off auto-updates before they make it any worse	feature request
Too many dropped calls	bug report
Problems are weird	bug report
This app would be great if I wasn't having so much problems! Won't send messages or recieve them from time to time. Constantly restarting my phone just to send a text. Most of the time it drops a phone call or echos during a call. Please fix the quirks! Other wise I like the app.	bug report
Love to use the app but they keep adding more stuff and it seems to be breaking everything else it a genuine problem if u see this comment i recommend not adding any more or else this will start working about as well as fallout 76.	bug report
Great App! I do wish that people could delete posts.	feature request
Why TF does it ban your account randomly it banned me 3 times in different accounts.	bug report
Awesome app plenty bang for your buck. Ive only experiencesed one flaw and that is dropped calls. Do any of you guys know anything about a ¢.99 sim card that textnow offers if leave a comment.	bug report
Number lapses too quickly, please have it remain in account for some more time... Apart from that great service... No complaints whatsoever...	feature request
Real good	irrelevant information
Half screen video ads that play non stop and the numbers can't receive texts until I pay money.	bug report
Exceptionaly Dependable!	irrelevant information
This new update makes it hard to see whose online and how to get to messages. I really don't like it. Why fix something that didn't need to be fixed. Also dealing with alot me glitches since the update	bug report
to slow	bug report
'm TV study it	irrelevant information
I Had a Really Good Phone Number I was using for years it wasn't even 30 days n my number was changed I will pay to have it Back But there is no Way To Gethelp to Get it back.	bug report
It was amazing till the new update. The app was working well till a couple hours ago and now I can't send any pictures. Tried to send the same ones from this morning and nothing was sending. Please fix this	bug report
it's fine, but can't be on several mobile devices (phone and tablet) the way it works/links with the desktop app on my laptop	feature request
It just works	irrelevant information
Not free! you must buy minutes. Stay away!	irrelevant information
This app is poorly designed. If you upload an image it constantly fails no matter if im on a mobile network or wi-fi. Same goes for videos. The notif for the img/vid not posting is stuck until you delete the app. For some group chats im always sent back to messages several months prior so i have to scroll an eternity just to get to the current. Notifications sometimes dont pop up but when i open the app they all appear at once. The app compresses videos heavily if they are over 1mb. Bad app	bug report
please add the soundboard on Android discord too plss	feature request
No verification codes	irrelevant information
It's crazy that you guys thought people would like the new UI, it's not even a matter of getting used to it, this is so horrible inconvenient to use that every time I get frustrated with the stupid swiping features I genuinely wonder why I still use the mobile app. I keep trying tk be optimistic and hoping you'll change it back, but every day I wake up disappointed. Why won't you just listen to your users and fix the issues that NEED fixing? Did you want us to have MORE issues? Bruh.	feature request
Would have been a 5 stars but it's not bc it does not have a face time feature unless there is one I just don't see it	feature request
Used this app for years it was amazing but the new update makes it almost unusable I haft to restart it so much now just to do 1 thing. Edit: yes I restarted my phone discord and it's still almost unusable	bug report
Get my messages late or never and its the app, not my network.	bug report
It was great before the most recent update, now it is a pain in the a** to simply call a person	bug report
It took a very long time for me to get this updated layout. It is absolutely awful.	feature request
Stop asking me to rate leave me alone	irrelevant information
Hi there	irrelevant information
No support for multi-window or popup mode.	feature request
Horrible when pressing the numbers the sound would keep going unless I pressed pause	bug report
It's ok the issue i have usually at night when I text someone it will say sorry your message can not be delivered and it's really annoying	bug report
I run MIUI based on Android 5.0.2 as it is the preinstalled software of this phone and when I reinstall this apk it doesn't show me the chats I had on the same account before deleting the app except for the first one	bug report
Good app, but I lag and it crashes when I go to a forum X(	bug report
I love everything about this app, the easy quick messaging, the way you could mute just one channel in a server. The only problem I have is that I can't send most videos bc they're too large. I'd buy nitro, it's a good price, but it's not fair that I don't have the money to spend on it. Other than that it's fun to use! 😁	feature request
Amazing app, always love the new feature updates. I've been on this platform since 2014 and I love it!	irrelevant information
Terrible App, Extremely buggy!	bug report
new mobile interface is revolting and quite literally unusable i don't even know when people message me anymore because of the stupid microscopic blue dot change it back i swear to god 👎	feature request
They only remove features to add useless bloat. For example most recently they removed the ability to use a separate mic input from your audio output, resulting in terrible audio quality with Bluetooth. They also choose to make the UI less intuitive moving commonly accessed features behind multiple menus.	feature request
I can't get into the app. It'll load the screen, have the texts in display then exits out. I tried clearing the cache, restarting my phone several times, still nothing. I need help.	bug report
Works good and easy to use.	irrelevant information
I had the same issue as many others have mentioned. I had to uninstall the most recent version and installed a previous version to get up to date messages sent to my phone. I downloaded 5.50.7 version and that resolved the issue of the recent updates.	bug report
When I speak with someone it always sounds like I'm speaking with an automated voice. Repeating the some of the same questions.... That's really ignoring. 😬🥶☹😫😫😫😫😤	bug report
this is a wonderful app if you don't have a phone	irrelevant information
25% of the time I will just randomly stop working and not be openable for like 1 day on every device that has the account on it 😠 it's not an connection issue ether I'm tired or it and it's annoying	bug report
Horrible layout, forced on users without any feedback prior. The new layout is stupidly buggy even for discord, no one asked for it; no one wanted it. There's no way to opt out. It takes 5 taps to do something that used to take one tap/swipe. Many features are now just gone or broken on mobile. Maybe they could focus on fixing 5+ year old bugs, or better yet, hire better staff with that $500M they made last year to actually deal with the pedo problems? Nah. Gotta rake in that money. Shameful.	feature request
Discord just unuseable now. Deleting app. This fkig restarted app dev, needs bullets, or to retire. & it THIS IS everytime discord does an update release too. EVERYTIME. If they would've spent even 3 seconds to check this update, these updates wouldn't ever be out	bug report
Previous rating was 5 stars. Now it is 1 since they are changing it so we can only text other people with their app. Ridiculous!!	feature request
I'm freaking downloading the game right now wait it's not a game Sorry Sorry it's actually an app Skype is awesome I love it	irrelevant information
Privacy great	irrelevant information
Helpful for the team.	irrelevant information
This app exploited me and my family through a code hack learned in get hub...	irrelevant information
Trash, got to pay for it	irrelevant information
THE NOTIFICATION NEVER APPEARS IN MY PHONE! Out of 10 events, only 2 notifications exist. The rest 8 never appears! And my phone dont have many notification blocking it. My phone is a Note 8, superb enough to receive messages and notification! Idk why my friend chose GroupMe for our Architecture studio group despitr its lack of notification pop ups. I never turn of the notification nor I enable the "Do not disturb" button. I kept telling my friend to move to Whatsapp but he didnt listen. I QUIT, GroupMe!	bug report
This is very easy way for earn	irrelevant information
I don't wanna to say the new layout is bad but its better to be optional . Also the massage search system and members list are going hard to use and crazy . Pls just fix the guffy bugs before made any changes in the shape of app	feature request
Updating this review due to updates and issues. good app but it's still got some issues. It still gets stuck in cropped landscape mode ( when playing a full screen landscape orientated game, switch back to discord, images posted only show the left side of the image when you hold your phone in portrait orientation. Kill discord and restart it or hold the phone in landscape to see the images with auto-rotate on. It also shows the channel you were on even after switching to another sometimes.	bug report
Love but please remove / make the new navigation with Chats/Calls toggable. Navigation bar size = disable. Takes away space, in my opinion useless. Requested several times on forums, email etc. Thank you??	feature request
I OWN THE RIGHT	irrelevant information
Laterally No Ads, Thats Incredible	irrelevant information
I'm new to signal and so far it's good, but it's missing a few things for example the support for message restoration and backup, a different emoji layout because they remind me of Whatsapp 🤦🏽‍♂️ i'm really looking forward for New updates and new features.	feature request
Very nice for talking to friends.	irrelevant information
Exclusive this app	irrelevant information
I think it's a great app .. keeps all my groups organized and keeps everybody informed and updated quickly .. really helpful app ..	irrelevant information
It's good for getting a massage out quick. Simply to use. I like it.	irrelevant information
This was previously one of the best phone apps out there, now it's completely useless without SMS support. I'm going to have to tell all of my friends and family that they better delete Signal and migrate their data before this causes them headaches. I'm giving Signal 1 star because they've abandoned the original purpose and intent for almost all of their users. Have a nice life.	bug report
Would love an option like what one of their competitors has. Reserve your number for $12 a year, but you still get ads.	feature request
from the look of multiple reviews of chromebook owners, its a sad shame to note, most developers work at cross platform use (leaving out chrome OS entirely,not even decent pwa functionality) perhaps someone at dischord is reviewing the reviews and aware of the platform inadequacies ,aiming to solve them asap.. before I experience them too ,somehow doubt that much though.	irrelevant information
Please change the way I share photos and other gallery media to something similar to whatsapp or other chatting apps your's is very clunky and has bugs where even after clicking an image it doesn't appear in the window and either takes 10 seconds to appear or doesn't and I have to retry taking an image.	feature request
Slow, unresponsive, and recently almost unusable. Logs me out randomly, "connecting" for ages.	bug report
Excellent for keeping in touch with my partner as we live 100 miles apart at the moment	irrelevant information
keeps me updated with my East coast family.i	irrelevant information
I have updated discord right now when I went to vc the normal voice was so slow than before, In the speaker and phone mode both cases Manage this issue as soon as possible	bug report
I hate that I can't delete messages or block people. So primitive	feature request
I don't like being told to change my name, getting rid of the 4 numbers at the end. I'm gonna keep them, and that's a promise. I don't care that you want me to change it, I don't care why you want me to change it, *and I don't want to have to back out of a prompt telling me to change my name when I launch the app.* I don't want to have to say any of this again. To those that read these reviews and respond to them, from the bottom of my heart, stay hydrated, stay safe, and have a good day!	feature request
Just another messaging app. Also video calls. It is easy to use. Hopefully it's as safe as it claims to be. J	irrelevant information
Doesn't work anymore, incoming calls ring but when you answer it the app crashes and hangs up. I paid for the subscription.. not worth anymore.	bug report
It do not notify me until I open the app I keep missing messages	bug report
Not only is the new UI absolutely ugly to look at, it actually functions worse than the previous one. Previously it was easier to switch from DMs to Servers because they were all contained in the same general area. Now, to go from a DM to a Server takes significantly more time to do. Not to mention how badly changing everything messes with the user's muscle memory. If you haven't had the misfortune of updating yet, don't.	feature request
I love the app but it does not have facetime then i would give 5 stars	feature request
Buggy? Doesn't describe how bad it is. When receiving a call that requires a number push on keypad it doesn't work. I use this app to call customers but when I call a customer and it says anything like " enter the extension number" nothing happens when I press the key. Nothing. I'll not be paying for the premium service now. I'll look for a new app.	bug report
GIVE WHAT A PAID , I.E. AT LEAST TO BE WORKING W GOOD WI-FI I received many unnecessary interruptions	bug report
Unfortunately I rely on Skype for the most basic function, phone calls for my business. latest updates means I do not get incoming calls. just a suggestion 'get the basics right first' if they don't work then what's the point? This used to be a great app but since Microsoft can't decide what it really is or really does, has been going backwards fast.	bug report
Scanning QR codes is inconsistent.	bug report
Works ok for talking to people far away.	irrelevant information
I received a call from someone claiming they got a call from me when I haven't made a single call using the app. Not impressed, removing app as I type.	bug report
if i didt talk for a few month there i well lost my hold entire accont and even the password mannager saved password didt work if u think i have being hack that mean all of my account is hack i littely lost 3 and is the securty so weak to defend there of my account form being hacked if u think so then discord is never safe	bug report
I loved it but Sometimes its laggy and stoped working	bug report
Now me personally I don't usually have a problem with discord but now I do. Discord started not connecting and not loading, then it didn't show chats so I tried to fix it by installing and reinstalling it but it just made me log out and made it not make me use it at all anymore. Please find a solution to fix this please	bug report
Just awesome, really I mean it. I've had the same number for about 4 years now, service is never unavailable and the app never crashes. Thanks for a great service and sturdy built app	irrelevant information
For the longest time I've been the biggest supporter of signal but unfortunately no more. They have decided that the attempt for a prefect product will remove one of the best selling points for their application. By dropping SMS support, even though unencrypted, allowed not only myself but countless others to combat 'app fatigue' by combining multiple apps into one. Now they are just another generic encrypted messaging app unable to be told apart from whatsapp, telegram, and countless others	feature request
I can't get in..and no one can find me.....	bug report
New update is very laggy on my galaxy note 5	bug report
Trash. Doesnt work	bug report
I have only this version of text now on my play store someone has removed the v Correct versions or edited the original app . I've had Uninstaller reinstall apps 3 x. And all the set up settings are deleted from app a builder app is in place. Please find the secondary culprits " developer" poser, fining apps across Samsung and Google. Somewhere in las vegas.	bug report
Awesome way to communicate with my daughters travel team!	irrelevant information
Hello, I'm having a problem with the app, when i try to mention the person, my discord lagged out of nowhere	bug report
It gets the job done but I'm sure there are better apps out there. 9/10 whenever I get a new message I'll see the notification for the message but when I click on it the message won't show up in the message thread, and the only way to solve this is to clear my cache and data EVERY SINGLE TIME a message gets lost. So that part eats up a lot of time and enthusiasm for keeping up a conversation.	bug report
This app its pop up ( something went wrong ) while signing in my textnow number since 4 days ago, kindly do something about it, issues like (something went wrong usually occur when the app update is out but the upgrading is not yet out on playstore	bug report
Bare bone app that struggles to load messages consistently	bug report
The new UI is terrible, before the update to the UI was made, the app was simple and easy to navigate. An example of this is if you wanted to see who is active on a server, all you had to do was swipe right, now if you swiped right, it's a way to reply to a previous message, something that could be done by tapping and holding said message, so in this case, the new UI took away a feature and added a completely redundant one. There are more cases similar to this, but I'm out of room to type.	feature request
Idk about it kinda good	irrelevant information
So easy to use, my mum loves it 😊 Fantastic, so awesome to connect with anyone around the world.	irrelevant information
Here's that review you wanted	bug report
This new update has ruined the ui, difficult to navigate and having many issues with messages not sending	bug report
This is a good app for comunicating between friends and co workers. My one complaint, that you cannot rejoin groups unless you jump threw hoops and go back and forth between the geoup owner and the groupme web site, which doesnt even have the link that it says it does to rejoin a group.	feature request
WILL IT LET ME TEXT FROM MEXICO	irrelevant information
Broken on Android 10 and removing Support for sms :(	bug report
If you want a fully encrypted, end-to-end private chat that doesn't sell your info - this is the one. And price is right. The app is easy to use and has a desktop app that connects through your phone. You are able to do group chats and share attachments. Great app.	irrelevant information
This app really is great and does the job, but that's when I can get it to work. I didn't want to update but was forced to, and like many others, I'm having problems since then. The new format stinks and you never know if you have a new text or not.	bug report
Wrost app ever.. messages not delivered on time.	bug report
New update moved everything around and greatly upped the contrast, making looking at it unpleasant to the point of being painful. And the alternate modes that might fix it are locked behind a paywall. The app is less functional and harder to use than ever before, and leaving reviews here appears to be the only way of leaving them feedback.	feature request
Cannot Skype at all!	bug report
I rated it 3 stars because it was good until late yesterday because what happens now is that when I try to go on pinger it crashes every 5 seconds	bug report
get the same error message though. It's a 5 star app when it works, but I	bug report
This app won't let me send emojis anymore since I updated please fix	bug report
This app is best in my life because I can't play with anyone but now I play with thousands people	irrelevant information
App crashes and does not open after completing data transfer between phones	bug report
love the service no hassle never a dropped call never a missed call can change your number when needed get to pick your number can text call just like a phone service with any other provider but it has no phone bill it also is just Hassel free to have a second line if needed . a must have for sure	irrelevant information
Was really used to the design of the app and now its bad. I don't like the new app design and I find everything annoying now. Especially when going into the channel, you can't see if someone pm you. Also it's hard to navigate the pin section in mobile and have to do multiple steps to get there. Please revert the design back to it used to!	feature request
I canceled this app still being charged for it..	bug report
The app is really good but this recent update is kinda annoying, before the servers didn't used to show up directly when we opened the app but now it does and it's really problematic. I really hope you'll look into it. The rest of the features are fine but please just make the servers not appear directly once we open the app.	bug report
Don't get me wrong, the app is good and all, but everytime someone in the voicechat turns their camera on, it just freezes and buffers on a black screen. I can't stand it, they can't show me something at all.	bug report
I use GroupMe a lot for work, but I get a lot of failed to post everytime I post a video. When it finally posts the video is extremely stretched and distorted. I'm currently using a Note 9.	bug report
The you is do help same this.	irrelevant information
Don't like it. How are you supposed to reach anyone after you ran out of minute if it only works for wifi if you don't have or your not around wifi to use it.	feature request
I like your easy to use free texting and video chat app . No ads or premium hassle free, download and add your contacts, set up personal text or group texts and your set to enjoy	irrelevant information
the beginning but now I will remove and will use a other app. Good by	irrelevant information
Textnow is the top Provider for the low cost. You cannot find a better service provider for the money. Talk and text come out extremely clear. I would advise everyone to switch to Textnow. This Textnow is perfect switch to it as fast as you can This is the best service you can find	irrelevant information
Dude it's app for using but it's has lot of bug like when see notification and open in task bar half discord will blank, when you use folt screen you can't join voice chat. Plz plz plz fix this problem	bug report
Yet Another App To Keep Up With. I just need to get messages from my kids basketball coaches, but I'm not connecting for some reason. This is yet another solution looking for a problem that SMS solved 20 years ago.	bug report
be added, but then I would see that I added the person 3 times.	feature request
Keeps denying my phone	bug report
Oh it could be better	irrelevant information
Absolutely annoying. The app is updated and always is. I don't recall seeing any new updates since I downloaded the app. Smh I rarely get my notifications Any time anyone calls me it never let's me answer when I do get the notification. It ends up crashing. It could be days after someone has sent me a text that I am notified. There are times it doesn't even ring when someone calls. The app crashes more than it works properly or it lags, hard to finish loading upon opening it.	bug report
But they have uf emojis and none for FSU.  That will cost you at least 2* everytime!	feature request
Locked me out of saved log ins	bug report
CHANGE THE LAYOUT TO THE OLD ONE😡	feature request
Easy to use and works well!	irrelevant information
before. It needs to go back the way it was, where the ads are not always in	feature request
My church group uses this app, and it's charging for emoticons 😮	irrelevant information
Call quality is adequate. Developers need to work on notifications, it doesn't show chat notifications on Android.	feature request
I like using this app but with the new layout update, I feel like it's not discord anymore. I know your going for a good look but it's overwhelming me.	feature request
I love you by the thousands. Never change.	irrelevant information
There's no audible feedback when there's a network disconnection or the call is terminated while talking. I hope this is worked on a s soon a s possible	bug report
Love when we talk to together ❤️	irrelevant information
On average it is user friendly	irrelevant information
Easy to use, doesn't take up a lot of room, no glitches or technical troubles. Very user friendly! U I use this app to connect with bible study/church group from all around the world and this free application is top notch, superb! Love it!!!	irrelevant information
I love the app the only thing it needs is have better connection when doing video call	feature request
No good experience when other party wants to share desktop. Ever since ms took over, this app seriously sucks! Skype is around for more than 5 yrs and yet I don't see improvement.	bug report
This is a good app for chatting, calling, and video chat this app security is very hard so i love this app this app has many features	irrelevant information
would be good id it didnt not open, if it would let me call, and wasnt laggy.	bug report
Very helpful and convenient especially for texting with a tablet. Call quality is a bit sketchy tho.	bug report
*No notification of received text *Stuck at loading screen	bug report
Hello! I'm basically new to this app. I was wondering if the app works if I have no phone service and if I have no wifi at the same time? I won't be calling over seas if that helps.	feature request
It's great to talk to my friend in all but when ever you share screen it flashes and gets real glitchy	bug report
It doesn't always ring and you miss calls.	bug report
Its actually goin bad since update, i got bug here and there. Cant send the image, cant send any videos.. Welp i know i should be nitro but i loved the first discord community was 😭😭😭	bug report
I don't care for the new layout at all and I can't change it back because they removed the option. I want to be able to use the original layout!	feature request
Great Job	irrelevant information
Crashes constantly	bug report
It's a great way to stay in touch with everyone at church.	irrelevant information
How do I not have minutes on this I just paid for a thousand a little while back	bug report
Awesome. And it doesnt save media ok your gallery unless yoy decide to.	irrelevant information
Horrible UI, buggy. Couldn't turn off tips and tricks notifications.	bug report
This app did not work how I thought it would. I tried to make a phone call and it froze. The call went through but I got stuck I needed to put in numbers to check my account but it froze up I actually Had to Shut Off my phone to get the call to end and get off the app.	bug report
phone and there is no reason that I shouldn't see them, but lately I have	bug report
I am very happy with TextNow:Call+Text I'm so pleased that I finally ☺️ found you guys & the unlimited texting is a life saver..Now if I could find an app with Unlimited calling, I have a terminally sick immediate family member and I really need to make phone calls to speak with him as to stay in touch with him about his health and what else he may need and he lives alone. He's my only surviving family member and I'm his only one. Thanks so much TextNow.	feature request
There are a bunch of girls on here who want only money from adult it is a fraudulent site do not go on it it's it's all a scam	irrelevant information
hang up. Not the best app. Will be searching for another. Lost many minutes	bug report
Stupid captcha. Can't sign up. Gives me an error	bug report
The screen on my last phone shattered. Because I couldn't see the screen, I was unable to restore my messages on my new phone. I lost so many conversations and memories.	irrelevant information
since I only use this app once in a great while I tend to lose my number and there is a bug in the app where upon losing your number and opening the app it will say you lost your number and to pick a new one but the problem is that it just keeps looping over and over and never allows you to pick a new one nor does it give you the chance to even start typing in any number to find a new number to use because it will display that message stating whoops you lost your number right away.	bug report
Too many ads and glitching hanging up on people	bug report
This app is good and all but there way to much ads your already making money of the 4.99 a year to keep your phone number thing when I first open the app ad when click the call button ad when I'm on the calling screen ad when I hang up ad and then when I make social accounts I need to verify my number and instead of getting the code I get sent "to see your verification code you must lock in your phone number" it's annoying When people call me it doesnt even show me for that 2 stars	bug report
The new UI is terrible. It's so unintuitive to find contacts & make calls. Edit 2020-Apr-12: & for two years now it keeps asking me to leave a review for the app. I don't want to have another review. I've left my review!	feature request
Typically 5 starts all round up until about a day ago, where im not able to go into the different channels and its just frozen in whatever one it was last in	bug report
Way to buggy and we can never connect and when we do I can't hear them or see them. We've switched to discord and snapchat	bug report
Its free but u got to pay for calli bg or play these lame games to earn them	irrelevant information
Drops the occasional call, or a few texts get dropped. They show as sent but never make it. What do you expect for free?	bug report
I absolutely loved this app! I used it for more that a year and then suddenly last month I was kicked off for "violating the terms of use" I'm still unclear of what I did to get this error! I only used this app as my alternat work business number. All I do is text and send pictures to my clients of the services I performed on their properties. That's all! Now I'm permanently banned without reason. I guess I must have used it too long and didn't pay so they are getting rid of the freeloaders...	bug report
Was a great app. I don't know if I will use after SMS support is removed. Plenty of my contacts will never switch over and I don't want to have to use two apps for messages.	feature request
I cant find my text now number	bug report
This is the best app that my good friend told me about and I am glad that he did!! It's so private and secure. It's great,	irrelevant information
I love this app but from two days I am facing this bug where messages are taking too long to be sent.	bug report
This was so nice and easy to navigate but now it sucks please give me the option to go back to the old design	feature request
The app has always been useful for talking to friends but the new update has made the UI annoying to navigate so use the desktop version.	feature request
great second number	irrelevant information
the notifications are driving me CRAZY. every time i open discord, almost every single channel is marked unread, even if the last message sent was months ago. i cant tell where i'm actually getting notifications from and where it's just bugging out. it's a waste of my time to go through every single channel and figure it out for myself. please don't waste my time with an app i genuinely enjoy using.	bug report
It's awesome I like it more privacy	irrelevant information
Nice 👍 app but little bit audio call and video call service not clear😔	feature request
I like the app but, I wish I do not need to use my phone number. Only my email address instead.	feature request
App responce time . app hang issue .	bug report
Can't call all all local numbers	bug report
Great application for texting and talking.	irrelevant information
Very worst experience every time need to update and link mobile on desktop app	bug report
I have used this app for years and now with the new update there are way too many ads that fill the screen. Very disappointed.	feature request
I'm new to this app, so far so good	irrelevant information
Dropped calls	bug report
HELP HELP HELP WTH IS THE NEW UI ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO USE PLS BRING BACK THE OLD ONE 😭😭😭😭	feature request
Farewell SMS? Farewell Signal. It used to be amazing. Now it's nonfunctional. RIP Signal. 😭	bug report
This used to be really good but now every day, sometimes a couple of times a day, it won't let me send or receive texts saying to check back in a awhile. I never had problems now for the last week or so It's so ridiculous. This app decides when it wants to send and receive texts and pictures. Please fix! Everyone is having this problem apparently.	bug report
This app is legit. No gimmicks. Works 100% of the time. You get two free numbers for texting and calling in Canada. There is also the option to call using Bluetooth which I haven't yet tried but this means in theory, you'll never be without a phone when indoors. Really cool!	irrelevant information
Best app without ad	irrelevant information
Couldn't you make possible chat background change? Every app has that option, only skype no	feature request
then not giving you credit for videos that you watched... It has wasted a	bug report
Can u guys just make the app loading faster 🤔	bug report
Since the last update it's very difficult or even impossible to connect to landlines, even though these are covered by my subscription. Edit: since customer service does not react I've cancelled my subscription.	bug report
They got rid of SMS support, I've got about 3 people I talk to using signal now. As soon as those people don't use it anymore I'll be uninstalling. A shame but they made their bed.	feature request
I was ask by skype to sign in with my account & i did with my email pls help I dont know what to do	bug report
Doesnt allow me to sign up for apps so its worthless	bug report
Less intrusive and more control than FB messenger. Needs SETTING TO DISABLE MSG NOTIFICATION PREVIEW. While I'm using the phone, I don't want to see incoming msg previews that cover up the screen and interrupt. However, I will still like to know those msgs are coming in. A simple sound/vibrate and Status Icon on top will do the trick. Please implement!	feature request
Would like to be able to make the quick emojis customisable	feature request
I love the app and it works really well. The only problem I have with it is that I can't send videos in the chat. I can send photos but when it comes to videos it keeps saying things like "couldnt send" or "try again". I've checked my wifi connection 3 times already and it's not that. It's the app. I love it, but that part needs to be fixed.🙂	feature request
It makes speaking to my family very easy. It's just amazing 👏 😍. Love ❤️ it	irrelevant information
There are a few things that need some work still, but app works fairly well.	irrelevant information
Signal app is doing a greater job!	irrelevant information
Very good and too easily make voice call	irrelevant information
It's alright, some stuff is good but the username thing kind of sucks..	feature request
I'm glad they came up with this	irrelevant information
The best app for communication ,I love this app but the reason for 3 stars is the difficulty in video call please upgrade coz it keeps on failing even when I put the best Telcom provider line it's all boring, thank you, I would recommend anyone to download this app it's the best and efficient.	feature request
Can't understand nothing	bug report
It is super amazing and I love all of the chat functionality. It is very pleasant of an experience!	irrelevant information
Usually works fine, but since around the last update, it keeps crashing	bug report
It has been awesome using GroupMe app for our class discussions. Easy going and hitchfree	irrelevant information
Nice apk , very useful for me.	irrelevant information
I requested the SIM card, but it never arrived.	bug report
Stopped sending and receiving text a few days ago without any notice!	bug report
Notifications randomly won't show up and now it won't load new messages half the time. This has been a problem for years and has yet to be addressed.	bug report
Changing your profile pic is a challenge	feature request
Group me is very easy use and fun. It's a great business and personal tool.	irrelevant information
Cool way to have group messages and schedules for our kickball team.	feature request
I gave it a 3 star only because this is a wonky app. During a call, it goes between normal and speaker phone by itself. It can be nerve wracking to be listening to someone talk in your ear then go to speaker phone, almost blew my eardrum out.	bug report
Didn't even work. Waist of time.	bug report
Works smoothly for the most part, but every once in a while it stops sending messages and they just disappear off the sfreen as I type. It sometimes gets hung up and doesnt register messages as read after viewing. A quick uninstall and reinstall fixes these issues	bug report
It just deleted all my chats. Trash app	bug report
Fix it ! Why it's not smooth like WhatsApp ?!	bug report
Makes your phone hella slow sometimes freezes even after you uninstall it..	bug report
Please give us a snail for a like button option.	feature request
I'm having issues adding people in to groups	bug report
The photo viewing part of this app is straight up broken now. I will gladly talk about it if anybody asks, but right now I'm too pissed off that I can't see some of my photos in a large bunch of sent/received photos.	bug report
Difficult to use and not user friendly,also dificult to update	bug report
it doesn t give directions on how to use or how it works u have to play with buttons first and the messages take long to deliver and recovered but otherwise it is good	feature request
update notifications for the Samsung Galaxy S10+. I had the 9+ and was able to assign a different notification and a different color light notification for Skype. now with the 10+, I can't do either.	feature request
Works pretty well calls can be static or delayed overall good	irrelevant information
THIS APP. IS NOT FREE THEY LET YOU THINK IT IS UNTIL THEY ASK YOU FOR. $9.95 monthly fee even though 2ND IN THE TITLE IS ▪︎▪︎FREE¤¤NO ITS NOT FALSE ADVERTISING..🤨😠😡 As fast I downloaded I deleted faster than my download 🙃😒 😬	bug report
Will not let me talk more then a few minutes then shuts off	bug report
Very good app the calling signal cld be Lil better some time.....other then that app work well	feature request
The new ui is stupid, plus I cant get rid of beta version on my phone.	feature request
Sucks its a paid thing, but I am happy I was able to text my friend's father. He's a complete A hole and I'm very satisfied at the results I got, so is my friend and his mom😁😁😁	irrelevant information
the new update towards UI layot/ display is utterly a disgrace for your own sake, its not even as good as it use to be, it was nothing but a copy of whatsapp	feature request
Poor and very easy for ppl to hack your location	bug report
Awesome app better then WhatsApp !!!	irrelevant information
I like the app a lot and do keep using it but some of the people i know over there are talking about this new "Update" For 2 to 3 days but I have not gotten any update	irrelevant information
Talk time should be a free daily gift at least a min or 2. Free talk and text app that you have to buy talk time?not free lol	feature request
Nice version	irrelevant information
It's a great 2nd line. Reallyusefull. D.	irrelevant information
Dropping support for sms is a bad decision as it forces users to use multiple apps instead of consolidating. It's a big part of the reason I chose signal to begin with.	feature request
Good basic talk and text network that works without the requiring wifi or data. It is the only option that offers this for free with ads. Three stars due to the subscription data plans with talk and text only appearing on Android and not on iphone. According to the order page, the basic and talk and text subscription is an optional monthly plan (free is still the service) but no data. You will have to cancel to switch to the higher plans.	feature request
I was asked for a passphrase I didn't have. Signal was locked. Had to reinstall the app. All my chats were gone.	bug report
always unable to click contacts and chats. buggy.	bug report
It was working for a while and then it stop letting me see pictures that were being posted and stop letting me respond to people.	bug report
Voice messages take tooooo long to download. Fix the bug!	bug report
Crashes at least 5 times before it finally lets me send a text. Free? Yes, I can easily see why it is.	bug report
Some quirks. Non-intuitive navigation. But will keep you in touch with the world if money gets tight. I got the sim kit but then the unlocked phone I planned to use got broken so I don't know how well the free mobile aspect worked. Had some issues with sound in the beginning but worked that out with in app guidance. On wifi it did everything it claimed it would.	irrelevant information
called professional options just won't work and are not Skype but something	bug report
it is very useful for new youtuber to connect some youtuber	irrelevant information
Please, we need video call functions in textnow and please help solve the call kerf-kuffles please. Too many ads must stop, we need a background image feature from the textnow home screen too	feature request
Honestly it's a waste of time. I've tried all of my emails and when I have to verify with my phone number it doesn't let me because I used my phone number with an existing account although I deleted all of my old accounts. So please fix this it's getting really annoying.	bug report
quite sensitive to poor radio conditions, may fail in a place where normal voice calls are fine. Very good overall.	feature request
I love Discord, but the recent UI update is not great. Removing the intuitive swiping interactions to bring up menus (like the list of users on a server, for example), and re-arranging elements differently than what the desktop app has is clunky. Some of the other recent updates, like the activities in voice channels, are great but this recent UI change is a turnoff for the app.	feature request
Too glitchy. Like it overall but so sick of connection errors	bug report
I love using this App and that's why I'm giving it this 3-star review with a hope of improvement. Pls fix the camera recording within Signal (Samsung, Android 14) to standard lens or give us an option to select. It defaults to wide angle and is unusable in 90% of cases. Llistening to recorded audio is sometimes super buggy esp. when switching to other chats. It would also help to remember where I left for longer tracks. Lastly, why can't I filter between pics/vids/gifs in media search?	feature request
So apparently while I was asleep I some how purchased the $10 subscription and it was the last bit of money in my account. I don't know how I feel about this... 😐😐😐 5 stars for being easy to use. But so easy I can do it in my sleep. 1 star.	irrelevant information
If you send a video from your galley into a group it posts as a picture. The only way it works is if you go into the app first and attach a video. Fix the bug!	bug report
I only like it because I want to call my daddy	irrelevant information
50% of the time the text/call went through without hindrance of some sort.     most time the calls are chalked full of static and interference and takes longer than forever to connect.     best to just text with this app.	bug report
Atp. I had to delete it. It won't let me open it. Please fix it. And it's taking too long to delete.	bug report
Just as good as a text	irrelevant information
Hearing about a new update and all my friends are saying they've got it and yet I'm seeing nothing at all	bug report
A great and perfect app with a lot of facilities such as perfect video call and nice chattbox and terrific imotes👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻	irrelevant information
Too many problems to enjoy communicating with family.	bug report
Downloaded it for my kids when I am home and the r at three grandparents and we love it. It works great for a free calling app	irrelevant information
Sometimes it works but most of the time it doesn't.	bug report
The "choose your theme" that pops out everytime you log in is quite annoying.	feature request
Cool chatting app tbh	irrelevant information
I think that ypu need to put too much of you info on the login	bug report
I don't personally mind the new layout overall, but the one thing I wish they'd revert is the DM/servers tab split. The way it is now feels so clunky. Clear downgrade from the desktop application.	feature request
Bring back the old version.	feature request
Used to love this app. Now it won't let me receive verification codes from other apps to confirm my phone number. Instead they come through as a link trying to get me to pay before proceeding.	bug report
It is okay overall, but most of the things provided or advertised are with a paywall. You DO get a free number, however you DONT get it forever. I do understand why though, as they have to get numbers from somewhere! Either way, it's okay, and slightly pricey. Better than most carriers though! 4/5.	irrelevant information
New update is no good man	bug report
actually works with split screen apps it would be much easier to use if I	feature request
I love Skype and I use it to call my family in Sweden all of the time but it is no longer working now. When I try to make calls it sounds very dodgy and spacy I can even understand what the other people are saying please fix this issue Skype	bug report
Extremely complicated and difficult to use, requires an IT professional to move a backup to a new device, I only use this app because I have to 🤮	irrelevant information
is it Wi-Fi free you should make a Wi-Fi free app because sometimes I am out and want to make a call but I can't call anyone because I have no Wi-Fi	feature request
Someone is hacking in on me and I don't like it.	irrelevant information
Lost all my chats and it wont let me restore even with the pass-phrase	bug report
It wouldn't allow me to enter contact	bug report
Time waste app	irrelevant information
why are all the people using meta? this app works perfect.	irrelevant information
The app really sucks, it's slow and lags. So frustrating, I am going to delete the app.	bug report
Screen rotation didnt work. Useless for texting	bug report
New UI is sub par. Don't get notifications off DMs, can't see other DMs pop in when talking to one person. Other UI bugs.	bug report
this app really helped me out i was without phone service but had wifi. For 4.99 month had number unlimited talk and text couldnt beat that.	irrelevant information
Used signal as default messenger app for 5 years. Highly disappointed that the creator plans to depreciate the product by removing support for regular SMS. This inevitably means lost messages and makes the app worthless. I hope they open their eyes to better solutions to their coding issues and avoid breaking an excellent product.	feature request
Able to send sms, but not receive. I wanted to like this app, as it's really free and has a clean UI, but all messages sent to the number went missing.	bug report
Can't send pictures with my Sony Xperia 5 II	bug report
Quality much better than standard Google chat	irrelevant information
Incredibly disappointed that signal is dropping SMS fallback and really implore them to reconsider this. For myself and many others, the appeal of signal is that it works as a "one stop shop" the way iMessage does on iPhones. When SMS fallback is stopped, I will likely discontinue to use signal as it will just mean further splintering where I contact different people from and I have no use for that. Everything else about the app is great, which is why I really don't want to stop using it...	feature request
Sometimes it cuts off when I'm talking to my partner/ girlfriend	bug report
Latest update stinks, the notifications no longer display the sender & message as chosen, to reply from the bar/pop-up, instead says "you may have new messages" for all new messages. Have to open the app to see the sender & message. Please fix this.	feature request
It all ways works but never without some glitch sometimes it rings but there's no red or green to open it .	bug report
Horrible!!!! All it does is grain battery and dont work at all! Text now is better! And I hate that app	bug report
Can you guys add a pause button on recording a meeting ? It would be a convenient option, just pause the button while taking breaks & start again while having a single recording.	feature request
It is completely unusable in it's current state. Won't load direct messages or servers, and when it does, new messaging will not show up.	bug report
Total garbage still supports useless no actual human so u can't actually get supports	bug report
Can't add people to groups, DMs don't always send/show, read message status doesn't sync across different devices	bug report
I love it. If you or your friend is someone without a phone number, I really recommend it. You can do one on one or have a group/sever. You can call and text. I really recommend it.	irrelevant information
If you're not getting notifications, turn on SMS notifications! EDIT 10/7/20 - going to jump in & also complain that I'm no longer getting notifications. Got to work this morning with about 20 missed messages. The only reason I'm not going down to 1 star is because they have SMS. This is a basic, simple, approachable alternative to group SMS texting. And if that's all you need, it works great. If you need additional features for managing a team, you'll want to look for another app like Slack.	feature request
Occasionally can't get through but such wonderful contact with my relations even if there are a few hiccups.	irrelevant information
It serves its purpose n is very helpful when phone carrier service is out of min.	irrelevant information
Cannot check profiles, they appear as thin, unreadable slices. Motorola Moto G7 Play. App up to date.	bug report
There is a vibration inside the chats. It's annoying	bug report
A few problems: alot of stuff that's on pc doesn't apply here, cant favorite gifs and also add apps or stickers and such on servers. Also there's a bug where media is really big like if i was on pc and it gets cut off, the only way to fix this is by restarting the app. Otherwise amazing app.	bug report
Most people I know use iPhone and have no reason to use signal. For those in similar situations you might as well stick to the default messaging app since signal is dropping sms support. Easier than managing two apps.	irrelevant information
I have to uninstall it then install it bc it blackens out!	bug report
I like the new UI but the app seems a lot less responsive since the new update	bug report
I like it but there is just no tutorial on things that are important	feature request
This app is good but its very buggy and slow I can't use this app anymore	bug report
Its only good for texting. Calling sucks the life out of you and doesn't work on Wi-Fi at all. Just text.	bug report
calls keep dropping everytime and i always miss a call even when someone is trying to call me, my text app does not ring when i recieve a call it just goes straight to missed call	bug report
I got added to a new group on here and it's not adding the chat so I have to get everything in a text......how do I fix this problem. I'm android BTW.	bug report
Maybe it's just my phone but it lags a lot.	bug report
Can't receive in coming call when on the app.	bug report
I've never felt the need to write a review until now, but I wrote out a lengthy one and realized I can't paste it here due to the 500 character limit. Is there an email or somewhere to send feedback? Would like to send some more detailed feedback about the search bar/options, voice channels, messages staying in text bar, swipe/reply functions.	feature request
tried to make a call but. for some reason I need. to buy minuets before I can.. W. T. F.	bug report
Private, no ads, fairly easy to us	irrelevant information
Faultless. Why would you even use Whatsapp!	irrelevant information
Its good that the app finally added video uploads as i usually want to share videos to my friends but was not able to do so. Still it would have been nice for it to be more than 30 seconds. I only use this app because it was the only app to use for groups b3fore whatsapp came out and my.friends dont want to use whatsapp(wich is,better for me). Overall good job.	feature request
Its best one but i have given 4 stars because i wasnt able to chat to someone and i dont know about others.....	bug report
regardless of the person answering the phone. Also if it goes to voicemail	feature request
Seen a call . No one has said a word. And I don't hear anything. Then bout three seconds before it even started ringing.	bug report
I tried to use Skype after long time but the app asked for my last 4 digit of my mobile,I have sent it but I didn't receive any code 🙃	bug report
Like it very much, but they should add a setting for custom ringtones.	feature request
Only got it to receive banking security codes. Text free says it only works in paid version. I have no signal at home via cell. Plus it's full of ads	bug report
I think the app is not bad at all. Good means of communication.	irrelevant information
It ok but I be losing services	bug report
Great free alternative to data service	irrelevant information
Talking with fellow fantasy players and co-workers has been very enjoyable for the past 5 years!	irrelevant information
When I require a confirmation code through text message it never shows up. And when my kids try to call me, depending on where in the city they are calling from, sometimes my number comes up as long distance even though I selected my area when choosing the number and they can't always get through due to long distance restrictions on the line they're using. Besides that I am very happy with this app and I wish I could give 5 stars.	bug report
Actually one thing that is trash is new vc system especially in server because it doesn't let me disconnect screen share mute because it is not in the front it is in the middle and the vc interface is too big it doesn't fit in my screen and when I scroll to the right side it open the text chat of voice channels this big interface just only fits in PC one more thing about seeing profiles when I click on someone's dp it shows like this D I s c o r d # 0 0 0 A b o u t m E Completely trash glitch*	bug report
New update broke the hell out of everything. App barely functions at the best of times.	bug report
This is new to me trying it out	irrelevant information
I'm excited about signal application	irrelevant information
New layout on phone is terrible	feature request
Ok this review is due an update: I enjoy using discord but it has progressively updated itself out of my recommendations. The company seemingly went from hero-to-zero the app is barely safe and this new UI is a terrible uncalled for overhaul.	feature request
Skype is a good way to keep in touch with love ones and friends..The only hiccup is the wifi. At times it goes out for days at a time and I can't talk with my friend overseas	bug report
It hangs up on my toll free phone calls even tho i bought a 100minute pack thought maybe that would fix issue but still hangs up on important calls	bug report
I've had this app for over a month.ANYONE I text doesn't get my text. I've tried emailing support twice, of course, to no avail. No company response. I've double verified numbers, unnecessarily. They recently sent me an email stating that if I didn't use my number, they would do something but I didn't bother with remembering crap since text doesn't work anyway.  You suck so hard. Crap technology.	bug report
Overall experience has been good	irrelevant information
It's vhery well	irrelevant information
Device my google apps account active respond	irrelevant information
I get to talk to all my friends who don't have phones	irrelevant information
Soso. The texting part of the app is good, but anytime I try to call or get a call, It will always drop it. I suspect the ads are mostly to blame. If you're getting this app, be prepared to SPEND MONEY.	bug report
Great app just takes to long to open photos	bug report
Buggy, awful, unnecessary update. Stop trying to fix things that aren't broken, thanks.	feature request
It's a good app for texting but why do I have to pay for premium just to get verification codes	feature request
4/5 cause 5/5 is 1 ⭐, and these freaking guys deserve as many as they can pander for	irrelevant information
Solid text app but jeez could the ads be any larger??!	feature request
Good for WiFi calling	irrelevant information
ever since the app update I can't connect to calls on my mobile :/ kind of a downer when I use this app for voice calls long distance on a daily basis	bug report
Cant find online friends on the new update , only can sort alphabetically	feature request
I lost my number I have had for 3 years!! Not good. I was just using it	bug report
I love Discord, always have but I have many of the same complaints as the others, I think the reply by swiping is fun but now I can't quickly check members/options (need to click the channel which took me a bit to figure out) Can't search an entire server anymore, really sucky if I can't remember where a conversion I'm trying to look for was I like the unread DMs preview except that I mistake statuses for it Also I can't stream without it deafening, muting and even kicking me when I exit the app	feature request
doesn't always notify me of messages	bug report
Sound bug is horrible, but the service it provides is one of a kind. Please fix it, people can't hear me sometimes	bug report
Works on my phone but difficulties connecting to game console and they don't let you know why	bug report
Was a great app until the mandatory update a week or two ago. Now I do not receive calls or message notifications. Yes I've been up and down all settings, app and phone. Extremely frustrating. Turned into a useless space waster now.	bug report
The new update is horrible, the app is unstable and keeps crashing. I have to close and reopen the app for my messages to post. I try to reply to another member and I'm put into another server, while typing my response. I'm not a fan of the update!	bug report
Takes very long to log in Extremely buggy Yall are really ruining your app	bug report
Downloading recorded videos are the worst part. Other than that, this app is reliable and decent	bug report
Why does every single time someone calls me it hangs up by itself please fix it	bug report
fix the ui update, your users shouldn't want to down grade the app. otherwise, this app allows me to be able to keep communication with people very well, I don't have a phone number and discord is a life saver. if you don't care about the ui and just wanna keep contact with people then go for it	feature request
Group is separate from texting	feature request
The new forced update has so many issues it makes using discord mobile miserable. Having to close and reopen the app to get it to actually show anything that you do, less user friendly UI, etc.	bug report
High quality	feature request
Keeps the company connected well	irrelevant information
Evry time I text some one it text me back right now an am not available and I text or call you back as I can	bug report
Can't get all permissions aprived	bug report
Low quality voices and video in callin' is like a Chess =) And the face's auto-retouch make invisibles the details of the face. Need to solve bugs and the ui; for easy using.	bug report
It's not gonna let people make a new account with the same number after they delete the app and re download it as a mistaken delete...	bug report
This app is awful. I cant even hear when someone call me or text me i uninstalled immiatly	bug report
Not free and horrible experience	irrelevant information
This app is great. As someone who's been using it since 2019, the changes have been great and I love it. I talk to my significant other and friends on discord all the time, one of the best and easiest texting and calling apps I've used by far. But one of the newest features has been breaking for me: the voice messages. Whenever I want to send one it won't send, I release and it continues to record. I need to close the app for it to stop and send if i press the send button. Very annoying.	bug report
Fantastic app. Much nicer than my default messaging app with the fantastic bonus of full security. Couldn't be happier.	irrelevant information
Great app but sometimes I won't get answers from people until 30 mins or an hour and  also I have to be in the app to get a text now!  This has never happened befor!  plz fix	bug report
It's so good i just love it	irrelevant information
My phone has been getting cancel over and over alain. And the cancel	bug report
It would not even work just a waste of time	bug report
Shes a deadly app, b'y.	irrelevant information
Great for chatting with others that also play games	irrelevant information
It's good for the most part but calls aren't as responsive as they should be as well as screen shearing	bug report
New update removed ability to see people on server	feature request
and eventually reboot itself. Glad I don't have to use it often.	irrelevant information
the required text messages are so annoying!! I already get the notifications from the app. why do I have to get texts also?? its double and extremely frustrating! if that can't be fixed, I'll be deleting the app.	feature request
Its free but you have to pay for minutes	irrelevant information
Every time i send a text it say i cant send it other then that i would rate it a 5 starts but my text wont work	bug report
This ap is retarded somehow i violated the terms of service before I even made an account.	bug report
Go and	bug report
I'm an administrator for one of the groups I'm in. I have issues consistently with adding members!!! It's very annoying. Yes, I follow instructions, yes, my app is up to date.	bug report
should be more fast loading	bug report
I did the latest update and it wiped my account!!!!! I lost everything contacts and all!!!!😥 DONT DO UPDATE!!!!!	bug report
Now the random adding has stopped on mobile app thx discord	bug report
Work pretty good l think every body should try it	irrelevant information
It's nice and I can login on moltiple devices without having to log out	irrelevant information
Cannot see who has read a message, very difficult to add new members, emoji are limited	feature request
Could be better... You get what you pay for..	irrelevant information
I could be better if so many adds didn't slow the app it's self down. And I can't figure out How to make the notifications loud. I never get a call do to never get the call like a normal ring ring ring then I pick up it tells me after they havw called that I've missed a call.. please work on these problems. Thanks	bug report
It deltes any pics i send or receive. Why?	bug report
Thanks for the call	irrelevant information
Skype used to be one of THE BEST apps for communication. Now since many updates the call quality and app performance going backwards from bad to worst. Same even if used via web ( slow, bad call quality) I am using paid membership for calls and disappointed Everytime I call.	bug report
Despise the UI update	feature request
Easy, smooth and good performing app. Recommended for all.	irrelevant information
I have been trying to update this app and all it does is load, forever.	bug report
It isn't the easiest app to deal with	bug report
Meh, just needed to call to make some appointments. This was painful, I understand ad's to make money but popping up every 20 seconds just makes me boycott a company, it's like YouTube showing me the same ad 40 times in 3 days, all it did was ruin both company's image	irrelevant information
For me, the app is not bad. Been using it since 2021. My main problem here is, whenever i send a video, it doesn't have a thumbnail on it, all i can see is a poop. I downloaded discord on my new phone.	bug report
I really like yalls texting app. But since this update my icon has disappeared. I dont mind the update. I just hate the fact that my icon has disappeared	bug report
Would use this app if sms verifications were free.	feature request
Great, but needs more than just heart likes	feature request
I cant calk anyon	bug report
sometimes it won't notify me of messages and recently I've been having issues posting, I'll have to close and reopen the app to actually post anything. I've been using this app for awhile and it seems like within the last few updates its gotten harder to use.	bug report
FC everytime i open. Cant use it. Pls. Fix.	bug report
I use it at school when I don't have service🙊🙊🙊	irrelevant information
Change for the sake of change never goes well. All of the recent reviews and the comments I and my friends have made amongst ourselves are proof of this. Instead of overhauling everything, just focus on the only parts that cause problems.	irrelevant information
Fair text app. No problems 🤠	irrelevant information
It was very glitch and crashed it I give it a zero 🖕	bug report
I am new in this app.	irrelevant information
Sound very good!!	irrelevant information
It's user friendly and smooth	irrelevant information
Slows your phone down and kicks me off of the app alot	bug report
As my secondary number was great until stop working a couple day's ago, I can't log in in my account again, I don't know what happened so I deleted the app and downloaded again several times and nothing.. was a great app for sure.. but is time to get a new app	bug report
Force updated then stopped working on my work Wifi.	bug report
Gotta trry first	irrelevant information
The response time is mediocore for most communication apps... But text free raised the standard... Five star worthy.... But yet though notifications are on, i have to check for texts often and miss many i get unless im on the app...	feature request
very slow takes very long and slow	bug report
Its been slow and getting hacked all the tome	bug report
Was threatened by a person on this app and took to long to block them or report it	bug report
You billed my account when app was updated, DON'T HAVE A PHONE NUMBER ANYMORE!! REFUND MY MONEY PLEASE.	bug report
They decided to not support sms any more. Unninstaled	bug report
This app has been down to a crawl for text and no matter how great my wifi is, it always tells me my connection is not good enough to call. Sad.	bug report
I like it 👍. But it Stops alot. drop calls and but it fix it.	bug report
Good app for communication but doesn't work with mobile data even tho there are no restrictions relating mb and other apps work perfectly fine with mb on	bug report
The app is slow and it shows the same message twice and when i send a different text it shows that one twice or when someone text me is shows that message twice and its annoying and super slow please fix this issue	bug report
For some reason I can't download the textnow app, can someone help me? Please	bug report
for some reason I can only text people everytime I try to make a call it doesn't go through. it just take me straight back to my text messages.	bug report
Very bad Cannot sign up Showing error	bug report
Doesn't open in app. Transfer as a SMS	bug report
So wonderful I think it's the new WhatsApp	irrelevant information
Keeps getting awful updates, constantly deteriorating the state of an already bad app.	bug report
This was my default messaging app for the last couple years, and it worked great! However with Signal ending SMS service it just doesn't make sense to use it anymore. I just don't have enough Signal-using contacts to make multiple messaging apps worth it. I have many contacts who would not be willing to move (and it's a harder sell now than it was before), and I won't be able to receive automated messages anymore either. I'd gladly come back if SMS service was restored but for now it's goodbye.	feature request
Every  time I picked a number it took me back a step🤔	bug report
Recently i have noticed this app opening other stuff while not touching the screen and repeatedly ignoring me hitting back or home it'll go-to home automatically open back up try and force me to download files I highly suggest deleting it and this is my public notice of null voidance of all text now contracts or agreements! Thank y'all but I didn't see remote control as a setting I approved of.	bug report
I'm only giving 3 stars bc of 💥𝓑𝓞𝓞𝓜 𝓑𝓘𝓣𝓒𝓗 💥#3119 being bossy and controlling I already reported it so something better be done discord	bug report
Used to be a die-hard fan, but recently and especially after the mobile redesign I have just found usability plummeting. The formatting of the app is visually messed up if I open the app from a notification instead of the apps list and recently nothing will load unless I force stop the app from settings and reopen. Devastating to see what was my safe haven from other social media seem to prioritize paid cosmetics over actually listening to feedback and making the app functional and accessible.	feature request
I don't really care much about aesthetic UI changes so I won't speak to those, but they've made navigating between servers and DMs a pain, the layout is less clear, it's harder to quickly parse where new messages are coming from, you can't easily look at server members and navigating your DMs/search is buggy and jumps to the wrong places often. Extremely disappointed with this poorly-conceived set of changes and lack of response to the feedback.	bug report
It always says connecting even though my network was just fine. It's been so buggy, please fix this!	bug report
It's so good except for 1 thing and that is the NSFW servers that have explicit pic and n*dea and adult vids	irrelevant information
I'm one of the users that have used discord for years, the only problems I'm having are the fact the video chat doesn't stay open outside of the app anymore and the video freezes, no it's not a connection issue I go to different places with different wifi and it's still the same, why discord? I shouldn't have to stay in the app to continue video calling anyone. I've also noticed that discord also ends a call without warning or indication and that has led to alot of fights between people	bug report
Garage. Can't send a single message cause it keeps changing numbers on me and telling me my number is inactive (signed up TODAY) and assigned to someone else. Go to change numbers and it says I can't because one's not assigned to me. Everytime I check my account info, the number is different.	bug report
Idk what y'all are talking about. The new UI is fine. It seperates servers and DMS	feature request
Its been great until it isnt sometimes it shows me what someone sent but not when i open the app or its always having diffifults like that	bug report
Fixing your calling I can hear but the person that I am calling cant hear me	bug report
in app. I just see that the search is powered by Bing. Sent an email to	irrelevant information
It's been very helpful in many ways. Great encrypted way of communication.	irrelevant information
discord has been my bestie for 5 yrs and it does everything i want it to. the nitro perks are worth it, sorry to say.	irrelevant information
Easy to get free minutes, new numbers, but call quality is often iffy	feature request
Ita not free...	irrelevant information
It's a good app overall but the inverted camera in on cams in call is very annoying I wish auto mirror could be remove.	feature request
It's was working great until today it won't let me login to my account or anything but when i try to login to my account i keep getting this ignoring network err or something like that please fix this probem soon thanks.	bug report
Anything easier for me as I am almost techonology eliterate TKS	irrelevant information
Why can't I make calls?	bug report
Hasn't been updating my contact list or displaying any of my chats and I've uninstalled/reinstalled and logged in and out on the web and nothing changes its kind of annoying.	bug report
Makes me mad when it keeps disconnecting me on mobile :/ I want the old one back	bug report
The latest update is absolutely horrid. Everyone is begging you to go back to the old style	feature request
By using this app. I am able to know what I am walking into before I start my shift every time!	irrelevant information
There should be somewhere to report scammers	feature request
The app works perfect. No trouble so far.	irrelevant information
This app used to work wonderfully but then now it's been acting up. Please fix issues.	bug report
Images not going through, rewarded ads not providing minutes, and notifications are horrendous. Never know when they will work or not	bug report
I do not use my phone very much. 2-3 calls a month. I do however text. Certainly not no $60 a month in phone charges. Where i live there is no phone signal. Why should i pay so much money for something i dont/cant use? I do, however need to pay for WIfI anyway. I pay $39 a month for that. So im very happy with what i have. Text free works on my phone and iPod 6 just fine.	irrelevant information
Fine. Sometimes. A good social app, but recently it's going down the drain a bit. All the aggressive hate of the new layout update, and they still have the audacity to take away the button to disable it. Nitro features are nice, as sometimes typing can be hard for someone who doesn't like to talk sometimes, and are generally fun extras to have for decorating a server profile. I'd give it 2 ½ if I could, but that's not an option. It'd be nice to PICK the layout version, very nice.	feature request
Look this is a really good app for communicating, however my discord is unable to connect to calls?	bug report
claim single app and claim cash out now in gold and silver	irrelevant information
i just paid for tbe stupid subscription to receive a code and it took my money but said the purchase is unavailable??? give me my money back this app is a scam	bug report
This app is cool and all but when I tried to change my username it keeps telling me to add underscore, numbers, or periods when I do. Please fix this	bug report
This sucks its not working please make it work I need to txt my boyfriend.!	bug report
I cant text no-one  no more  i can get text but cant send them WHY i used to send texts it won't  lete now	bug report
Since updated it doesnt open it just keeps loading and loading	bug report
It works but lags	bug report
For the policies it has	irrelevant information
Edit: now that Signal is removing SMS on Android, I'm going to switch apps. It's really disappointing that they're removing a feature that's well used, but pushing for useless features like Payments. Old review: I've been using this app ever since it was called Text Secure. Honestly the best texting app I've used (it does proper SMS group messaging too)	feature request
The sound quality is poor on calls	bug report
The only reson i gave it a 3 is bc it let me call my boyfriend when i wanted to but u have to be on the app to get the messages and calls and sometimes it doaent let me on the app to get the messages abd calls so i give it a 3	bug report
The costs of subscriptions rates are different for different Skype accounts. Not consistent. That's the only problem I have with Skype	feature request
Dropping my review to two stars. The new Mobile UI is absolutely abysmal. I've been paying for nitro for essentially 7 years, and this was the last straw. Cancelled until such a time that the old UI is back *permanently* Breaking established design parity with Desktop is the worst decision that could be made. App is otherwise decent, and still functions.	feature request
Can't even make a phone call. Can't be heard.	bug report
It doesn't receive pics help me!!	bug report
I love this app but it won't let you call out.	bug report
The choice for text messages works only once out five times	bug report
1 of Carbon Products manufacturers and wholesalers	feature request
I made a bad call in last call it said call rejected and it put me in yeah and the sticky situation anyway and be and when it ended it text now sent me a text message from text now anyway that's all I have to say bye.	irrelevant information
In an earlier version the app sometimes had problems to send messages and they got stuck for days. This doesn't seem to be a problem any more. I also like that sent messages can be edited. Now it's my preferred messaging app.	feature request
This is Good app🗿❤️	irrelevant information
been using since 2019 and was probably the worst mistake of my life but its good quality. A lot of weirdos so word of advice dont accept all friend requests unless you have bleech for your eyeballs	irrelevant information
Too much voice problem but still we like this app very much ❤️❤️	bug report
It's not letting me log in so I give it a 2 star	bug report
It's not letting me countie with the app	bug report
I can't get used to the new update. This is my favorite platform to call friends and play games with them, but I keep having issues with the new format.	feature request
Wont work sat here for 1 hour but wont let me do calls	bug report
Deceptive Ad free pricing, when you click the banner to go ad free a list of benefits pops up and the price is shown at 9.95/month, a reasonable price in my opinion, so when I went to sign up I was shocked when the Google play store said I would be charged 9.95/week plus tax so a little over $40 per month. Perhaps I read the initial offer incorrectly? No, the app shows 9.95/month if you click the banner ad but shows 9.95/week if you click to buy ad free from the app menu. Sneaky BS.	bug report
Doesn't function	bug report
I really like this app it's so easy to use and connect with others .	irrelevant information
I like Signal and White & Blue	irrelevant information
Had a difficult time with my password. However, it's more than likely operator error.	irrelevant information
For the love of God, stop making the interface worse and more cluttered every update. I dread updating this app now as it keeps degrading.	feature request
Loved this app. But with latest update app keeps force closing constantly. Cant even fully type messages without it cutting me off.	bug report
It's great when you are using it but in the beginning it asked for tons of needless info	bug report
My discord keeps kicking me out when I log in, please can you tell why this is happening to me?	bug report
So far it's good.	irrelevant information
After some days of installing , it's not working properly but now it is too helpful for me , taking low internet and best experience ,, actually when i installed lite app then a mystery happen 😁,it's quality increase suddenly ,but seriously ,it's a nice app and good , specially at the time of lockdown and corona virus😄	feature request
Terrible used to be great now it's Just trash and money hungry not worth your time	bug report
I thought phone numbers got reassigned after a month of inactivity? Why did mine get reset after one week? Was this really necessary?	bug report
This is really supper annoying... I get in a call from my computer then my phone starts ringing and it doesnt stop	bug report
Love this app. Works just like they say. It's a life saver. Thank you	irrelevant information
It continuosly logs me out of the app this is the oblt way i can get a hold of my parebts please fix this	bug report
This is the only way to contact my parents in occupated part of Ukraine. Why did you take my money, if you block my calls? There's no Ukrainian in support, there is no way to contact your manager	bug report
love this app, very fast and useful	irrelevant information
complex to use	irrelevant information
I hated it so much!!!!!!!!	irrelevant information
I've been a discord uses for a few years and since this update it's take more time to do something so little also for some reason I've been having a hard time sending a picture and message they haven't been loading or just sit on sending until I close out of the app and then reopen it which makes me lose what I has already typed it's Just really stressful	bug report
I still can't transfer all contacts even when I follow instructions. Can't leave WhatsApp for signal when it t doesn't work	bug report
Because of online offline indicator and last seen features	feature request
This is the worst skype app ever! I cant download photos, messages are too slow.	bug report
Can't use this number with certain services, but otherwise this works without me giving out my personal number for my business.	bug report
love it. only bad thing is the calling. alot of times people can not hear me t@lking	bug report
When I can text Jamaica then I give 5 star ...	irrelevant information
Alot of flashing when i get txt	bug report
Ok. My rating is gonna drop to two stars.. that's because when I downloaded it it was fine and all I made an account and all, except. I logged in I couldn't update my profile, I was verified by my email but it still asked to be verified my a phone number. My account was verified by email so why do I have to be verified by phone number. I'm not sure if I did any mistake or anything. I haven't used discord in almost a year, and I have no Idea on what updates it had/has. If you can please fix this.	bug report
Not a bad app to use.	irrelevant information
the app was doing good but after I updated it I don't have access to my texts no more it blacks out and doesn't let me see them!	bug report
Completely horrible, half the time I can't do anything because it lags every five seconds and I can't type anything until it stops. Also with the emojis I can't tell what they are half the time because Pinger thought they could be original and make their own so don't waste your time on this.	bug report
The only reason this is a four because this app changed when i first got it and now it is kinda better but i kinda miss it when i had it in back then	feature request
it's an amazing app that you can make friends and Call, text, Etc but the Bad thing about this is sometimes it'll say "Connecting" or "Disconnecting"	bug report
Idiotic redesign of the UI. Fire the person who thought it was a good idea, its less intuitive than it was before. I have multiple times tried to find the button that puts the person im on a call with on speaker phone, and its just magically dissapeared with zero hint or clue as to where it may be now. Just stupid all around.	feature request
Great app to send messages and voice audios!	irrelevant information
We are the best we give?	irrelevant information
Works great. It really is a good app. Its like having 2 sms systems to back each other up. Im lovin it. Wooooo!!!	irrelevant information
This app has been my sole messaging app for years, in fact I totally removed the Meta apps and blocked the default messaging app on android. Now signal wants to create a greater risk for me, by dropping SMS messaging ability. Damn it.. This is just a disaster for me. Signal users for security reasons know SMS is insecure, those who do not care are the only ones who do not know. BAD decision. Signal is now knackered. I appeal to developers... Retain the SMS capability.6th	feature request
Discord has improved quite a bit over the years. Everything works really well, the only thing I dislike is the main screen when you first boot the app. The home screen isn't intuitive and is kind of clunky. you can only switch between existing servers or add new ones and there isn't an actual home screen. It's hard to identify which servers are which until you memorize the emblems for each one. I wish it had a large home screen where you aren't forced to have a server open.	feature request
Can't even make a decent phone call the connectivity is horrible even on wifi. My work group just switch over to this saying it's more secure than whatsapp probably so but the quality is way poorer than whatsapp	bug report
The new discord is so bad when I vc my phone starts to turn off and it's very Lagy plz fix the bugs	bug report
i think the calls could be better	feature request
Great app. Ready to use and secure	irrelevant information
This new version sucks	bug report
Great content on discord	irrelevant information
Free is hard to beat!	irrelevant information
Bro this app was amazing, Loved it minor bugs that needed fixing but design and convenience was really nice... Then we got the dumbest update I've ever seen, the bubly theme is somewhat nice looking, But the app is extremely inconvenient to use now, a lot more steps to do something basic like seeing people online in your server and other nonsense I got no space to type... This new version of the app is frustrating and absolute garbage.	feature request
Good app, but there is a problem with me trying to send images to other people. It always gets stuck and be on queued and the after that it suddenly glitches my album in every single app including Discord itself. Pls fix this	bug report
Not free	irrelevant information
Buggy UI, calls that don't work sometimes, audio quality issues caused by calling. Would be a useful service if it wasn't so janky.	bug report
Discord has been a great communication app but lately I have this problem during voice chat. The mic work seamlessly in the app but once discord is in the background, it will not detect my mic. It has never occurred before. I've tried all troubleshooting methods but to no avail. I hope Discord team can reach out to me for this.	bug report
The app itself is really easy to use! I haven't had any problems, the texting is just as easy, I will use the call feature also!	irrelevant information
The only problem is it's notifications I almost never get them and when I do it surprises me.	bug report
Sign in is absolutely crazy. Around and around and around in circles	bug report
It's so fun to talk with friends but it's toooooomany adds on the screen and up and down and when I try to press any thing else it just goes every where so please please fix that app and the voice is soo low so plz plz fix and there is no screen sharing like massenger due	feature request
Please, for the love of god use anything other than discord. They say they care about protecting your data, that is a lie. Every promise made by this app is a lie to get more people to buy nitro to keep their investors happy. Discord is not made for people anymore, it is made to make money. The UI change isn't even the first anti consumer change they've made, it's just the most obvious.	feature request
It works sometimes really fast in others it takes all day like wth	bug report
I don't even get notifications in the app when my name is tagged. Can't see all of the tags for everyone on any servers but a couple random ones. I made sure my personal tag and everyone tags are on and still don't get it.	bug report
I never really got to test to talk to my friends because I was trying to log in for 3 weeks I tired my email.nope.then my phone number but it never sent me a code but when it did I typed it in and it said it was invalid I would really like to be able to log in.	bug report
New UI is horrible. Makes it harder to mod/manage a server. Getting to the user list is not one hand friendly. Getting to the settings takes more steps as well as changing online status. Please revert back to the old UI and remove swipe to reply. Or at least give us the option to switch back to the old UI. And give us the option to disable swipe to reply...	feature request
They removed my review a sec after posting! Msgs don't go thru on same 5g wifi 10ft away. Ads cover screen while call is ringing makes it impossible to end calls/trouble for wrong # dials. Speaker is ON loud during calls even tho speaker set to OFF. It only rings after 4th ring on 'excellent quality' results in voicemail. Requires mic access, suspect. Major data use in background, odd. I suspect reviews are paid for this. Ads shud not pop up while a call is ringing.	bug report
Discord Devs should please look into this app again, crashes a lot for a social media app. Too many bugs as well please fix this, it's really getting annoying	bug report
A bit hard to get around in this app at first	irrelevant information
Love the app!  It's i life saver!  But since last update, loading of messages takes a long time.  Sometimes up to 15 minutes!  This needs to be instant!  Once  fixed I will gladly re rate 5 stars!	bug report
Cant send a message. It says "connecting" Notifications are not shown if I don't use skype for a day.	bug report
It's ok for a app	irrelevant information
Good app buy crashes everytime I try to check certain servers please fix this.	bug report
It took to long to sighn up but its ol	feature request
Well first of all, THE APP JUST SUDDENLY DELETED A BUNCH OF MY CONTACTS FOR NO REASON!!! ... There are also TONS of other problems, but I'll list a few... 1. I never hear phone calls ring, I just get a missed call notification 2. Half the time messages just don't go through 3. It won't let me update the names of my contacts 4. Super slow and laggy, to the point where it's hard to even send a text sometimes ... Seriously, don't waist your time.	bug report
How to bring back old ux/ui discord?, the new ones all my pinned gone, worst update ux/ui, old is better	feature request
It doesn't allow you to make phone calls, calls always dropping	bug report
No SMS. This is not the way.	irrelevant information
I've used this program several years. It's pretty good. About a year ago, it stopped working when I am connected through my VPN. Maybe my VPN made a change or maybe this program made a change. At any rate, I have to disconnect my VPN to use it. Incoming calls are blocked if VPN is on.	bug report
Awful.... Couldn't get it to even send a text. Kept making me pick a new number I've and over again!!!	bug report
It wont open the app once i update it	bug report
It's just slow as lot of times and drops service or when I paid for plus I can't get my codes in time cuz I have go through Rd hook up the plus	bug report
Everyone good so far phone is starting to act funny maybe locking up	bug report
Buggy video calls	bug report
The app is great. But there is just 1 problem, the voice. Sometimes, when me and my cousin were about to use discord, my voice will suddenly dissappear	bug report
5 🌟For privacy other f--k off if u don't care about privacy 🪽	irrelevant information
MY NEW UPDATE:😐I tried To Download this App on my New Amazon Fire Tablet just Now!!-My New Update!!: Amazon🚫 Fire died on Me!! For No good reason at all!! Gone!! So-Now👍 I got- TEXTNOW🙂Free App Back!!+ It's Better!! Than the Amazon⛔ tablet for Free Calls and Free texts!! It Works only on😊 Androids!!👍But⛔ Not on Amazon Fire Tablet!! So goodbye to that!!- For Good!! But TextNow!I'll Stay😄with U!!-For Life! Everything is Working Good!!-As Long-As I-Don't❎ use Amazons Fire Tablet!!🚫Peace!!	irrelevant information
i hated it	irrelevant information
This app did not work for me and it messed up some of the other apps that I had on my phone already I had to uninstall it	bug report
Every time I call a add comes	bug report
Love it just wish they had an option to delete the chats when they are no longer needed.	feature request
After ui change the layout became a worse version of snapchat	feature request
It's ok not using much	irrelevant information
I can't even download the app??	bug report
My screen share will not capture audio, and I've already gone through the steps several different times and it's been like this for months. PLEASE FIX IT I'M DESPERATE OVER HERE-	bug report
What a huge downgrade to QoL for the recent update. Hope you guys will revert the easy access to member list.	feature request
Can't even write msg to my friends many many bugs really bad update last update	bug report
I found some bug... When we send messages aur any kind of thing.... It's going too slow.... But my internet connection is very good... But thoug we faces this problem... Thank you... Pls do anything to slove this problem..	bug report
I am not getting names of my contact list ... It's just showing mobile number for everyone after allowing all the permission.	bug report
It won't even let me create a password it keeps saying sorry check your connection when clearly I'm connected to a WiFi network	bug report
Upon opening one of my various groups all the messages pertaining to that group were gone. I actually really do like this app, but this has been happing for about a month now and i've tried everything but nothing seems to work. I hope this gets fixed soon in an update.	bug report
TextNow is a all app	irrelevant information
Not compatible with all kinds of phones.	bug report
new look of the app is awful, it's confusing for the users and doesn't have the same functionality as the old one. some people have the option to go back to old look, i don't for no reason at all. bad, just bad...	feature request
Works a treat	irrelevant information
I continue to experience issues with not getting notified. Some times it'll work fine, but then it randomly stops notifying me which really sucks. It's also started not letting me scroll back to messages from only a few minutes ago anymore. It does this on and off and its very inconvenient.	bug report
Massage notification not coming	bug report
Audio quality is nowadays very bad , not clear comparing to WhatsApp. And battery draining fast while during audio/video calls. I checked with friends. Signal my fav app. Fix it soon guys. Reduced from 5 to 2 star.	bug report
I no longer get notifications from dms and some servers. I have to open the app and check it instead of getting the pop up notification. Please fix this issue, I want to be able to talk to others in a timely matter.	bug report
The UI update ruined it. The app did not have to have everything separated as it is very annoying to have to use separate menus for DMS and servers, and the message search is broken too.	feature request
The app load is slow. Not instant.	bug report
So like the app, but theres 2 problems. I can't delete any of my group chats and now im receiving spam with nude girls in my chat room as a group chat. I'm not the only one, other people in my group messages say they also have been receiving them. Please fix that problem so we can delete chats we are know longer using.	bug report
I remember when I first got this app and how I was able to verify my YouTube channel. But putting verification codes behind a pay wall Is a low blow and I'm extremely disappointed. You guys have gotten greedy.	feature request
Works but makes my phone lag and sometimes used to make my old phone crash.. was a 30$ blu phone but still.	bug report
I love the app but since I've upgraded to the Galaxy Note Edge I don't receive my push notifications anymore even if the group is talking. At first the notifications appeared in my edge but suddenly stopped. Overall I enjoy the app. If this is fixed I'd give a 4 or 5 star.	bug report
I love this app personally ,but there's to much ads and when I click off of the call button and I'm still on ,if I click off of something the call pauses ,and I can't talk anymore ,but I guess it's because it's a free app.Anyways if you want to use this app I definitely recommend bc it's free!	feature request
Made my life easier, love it	irrelevant information
This app has been a life saver many different times.	irrelevant information
It's is a very privet app very very good	irrelevant information
Bruhh the new update sucks i even hang out with my friends and talk bc my mic is so glitchy that my friend can barely hear me	bug report
sometimes people randomly cant hear you no matter what you do	bug report
Unable to sign in on my android device, keep getting an "unexpected error" message.	bug report
Ready to use cheap and works well	irrelevant information
Discord Is Great App for Me for Chatting and Talking to Friends and Join Server to Make Group Chat and It Have Nitro and Basic too 🇷🇺	irrelevant information
Needs more options and user management / control	feature request
Crashes and restates the internet connection every 2 mins I can't even call my mates it's so annoying I might uninstall full stop	bug report
As far as security goes, this is, to my knowledge, the single best app on the market. There's just one glaring issue for me, which is unfortunately a pretty big problem: I can only send/receive messages to/from other Signal users when I connect to the internet. This phone is almost never connected to the internet, so this bug is effectively crippling my use of the app to contact and interact with new friends. Fix this - make it work without internet, as it used to - and Signal is perfect.	feature request
Can't use stage Channel so not full 5-stars	bug report
Nice using it	irrelevant information
Would give it a 0 if I could, used to work great but now I can't even log into the app it just says error to everything	bug report
I love this app but there's so many adds.	irrelevant information
This app came from a 5 star in 2015 to a negative 5 star now. Sometimes I don't get any notifications and sometimes I do. And at random moments my ENTIRE chat conversations are deleted and I can't get some important info thats been texted to me. This app is now trash and so inconvenient. TextFree is so much better with unlimited calls and text without having to watch stupid ads. This app is garbage.	bug report
The app enables people to do quite a bit together online, from voice chat, to online games, Discord is an above and beyond platform for gaming, or just staying in-touch with friends or family. It could be more user friendly. I find there are a lot of options, settings, and things you can do on the app in general. I wish there was a better home screen, with things layed out in one, more convenient location. Otherwise, I enjoy using this app with people in my life!	feature request
Super slow recently. Ghosting as you type and extremely slow loading conversations. Have to type real slow or the keyboard can't keep up, but keyboard works fine on system and any other app. Acts like app is low on memory and can't keep up. Resource intensive. Please fix. Used to work great. Also stupid icon that shows during loading seems to slow stuff down.	bug report
In the last two years, discords changes to the android mobile app have made the experience worse. Increased crashes and load times. However, the new UI overhaul completely takes the cake with how cluttered and not user friendly it is. It makes the app experience significantly worse, and I will only use discord until a better alternative is created.	feature request
I changed my ipod into a samsung tablet. So I regot this app on there, but for some reason on the apple this app you can change the background, colors, etc and make it look cool. While on my samsung its plain and boring. I hope you can change this.   It also blocks every picture sent to me and says low connection when i do have connection. Also my messages keep getting delayed because supposedly my wifi is low. Please fix this issue.	bug report
Works OK, but no longer as secure as it used to be.	bug report
The new update is awful, especially with the bugs. I have dark mode on my phone and have always had it this way; the same goes for discord mobile, always had it on dark mode. But now I have to choose between the two because of a bug where some of the text is highlighted in white, while the text is also white/grayish. It makes it so difficult to read, and following that.. it changes some of the darker role colors for no reason to a lighter color?? I don't enjoy this at all.	bug report
I just installed this yesterday and received my first calls today. The first time I could hear the caller but she couldn't hear me. The second time it disconnected us right away. The third attempt after about 3 minutes caller couldn't hear me but I could hear her. Very frustrating! I just want to be able to talk for 10 minutes!	bug report
Every time I try to @ someone it messes up. I cant do it on my s7	bug report
Im Getting Honestly Frustrated, Because I Use Discord For alot of things, and Usually Am In Calls Alot, Though for SOME REASON Recently Nothing seems to be wrong with my Calls With Some People, For Instantance In DMs With One of my friends, We Can Play Games While In a VC Talking, And Everything's fine, But Then In This Group Chat I Made, I AND ONLY I, Keep Getting Kicked out of the Call, Forcing me to Have to Leave the Game, Everytime, To Go Manually Reconnect Myself, And then Restart the Game.	bug report
Its good and all but...BRING BACK THE OLD THEME pls.. I really miss it felt	feature request
No one:	bug report
Horrible, I can't login nor register. i reinstalled more than 10 times and it still doesn't work. Everytime when I try to login or register it says that I have caught an ultra rare error. PLEASE fix this	bug report
The only thing that bothers me is I get text messages and group messages at the same time. I'm constantly having to delete the text messages.	feature request
The last update completely made it unresponsive. It's such a bother to use discord on my phone right now	bug report
See power of Muslim 👿	irrelevant information
Good app & Safe	irrelevant information
I wanted to use this SPECIFICALLY TO VERTIFY MY ACCOUNT. But NOPE, I have to pay to use it. Don't waste your time on this. It's useless unless you want to pay 10 dollors every month.	feature request
25 second calls?????? Such geniuses i swear. 0 STARS,you lucky i HAVE to pick one .tf outta here( text plus if you want a real app )	irrelevant information
text messages from people arent coming through	bug report
dont like that you are unable to permanently turn off notifications.	feature request
Worked very well for what I needed	irrelevant information
The planned removal of SMS means that I have to ditch this app, since it will bring my contacts list down from 'everybody I know' to 'one person' and that just isn't worth the space on my phone.	feature request
It's great to have sometimes. Missed calls come in and it never rings, calls are dropped on every phone call. This was only temporary because I have to get a new phone service. It's ok temporary but not long term.	bug report
For a texting app textfree is an okay wifi app, choosing your own # is a definite plus, however the calls leave alot to be desired, even in full wifi mode your calls get dropped,  only other issue is every update requires more internal data usage then im happy with, im comparing other text sites because of this now and finding others use less data n are just as good if not better	bug report
This app is ok but sometimes it just doesn't let me send a picture or text	bug report
Sometimes I have to close and reopen the app because it only shows me the last channel I was on no matter which I select	bug report
Worked for a couple of days anyway. I will be uninstalling this.	bug report
New update messed everything up. Used to be 5 stars	bug report
It is good but for some reasons it won't let me sign in	bug report
Great place	irrelevant information
Ads have become invasive! The ads were fine before but now when I press the X on the ad it takes me to the play store for whatever app it's advertising, gets annoying FAST.	bug report
Overall a good communication app	irrelevant information
Well so far it's working out pretty well but I need to get that signal in front love my phone and I'm having problems doing that	feature request
Great so for sharing pictures and messages. I would give it 5 stars if I could edit an existing post. I would also like to be able to insert a post between 2 existing posts.	feature request
Very useful when needs to be	irrelevant information
There is new issues appeared like the whole app crash or can't use some buttons ( good thing i changed the appearance cuz I had problems with dms lol) and no body can hear me in vc even after I checked my settings. You can just reset it and use it again normally but yah there is still issues. It still nice	bug report
its a ok	irrelevant information
Most of the time works well.	irrelevant information
It shows me a different phone number	bug report
I don't get notifications half the time, so I miss a lot of messages from my group chats or even through private messages. Please fix this problem.	bug report
Just another messaging app, works well, me and my class mates use it to study together. Edit: dont receive notifications anymore unless I uninstall and install like once a week	feature request
Kept this program around because of the enhanced security features, and unlike the last time I tried to restore my backup, it actually worked. I can now recommend this program to the tech savvy.	irrelevant information
I really enjoy using text now I never have any problems unless the Wi-Fi is having issues. I have my own phone number but I like to use TextNow when I speak to certain people or when I don't want people to know my actual phone number and it's free!!!	feature request
I am still learning how to navigate this but grateful for signal	irrelevant information
Works when my other messenger apps don't, plus privacy. Very happy with it	irrelevant information
A whole bunch of scams	irrelevant information
Would love to use the app again if it would let me. Sign up process says choose a number, give an email and password. Somehow that's too complicated for the app so sign up fails everytime. Then if you try to sign up again it says you have too many accounts. I have 0. Please fix this, used it all the time back in high school, would like to again	bug report
Not free. Have to pay to receive a text with a code.	irrelevant information
connection needs to work on. Otherwise great features and it's free!	feature request
Can't make calls. Good app! Not!!!	bug report
It sends fast and clear and simple	irrelevant information
Can't no longer supports default, make it less useful, deleted	bug report
it's hard to use. whenever I try to click on videos my friends send me it almost never let's me watch and it barely even let's ME send videos. it's buggy and laggy and u made a hope website to search for servers. I hate this update	bug report
New version is too bad than older. This version make my phone lag and slowly. This not happen with older version. So should I buy a new phone ?	bug report
It is easy	irrelevant information
It's a decent app. The texting feature is good and the calls are alright, but they have a tendency to drop after a certain amount of time. Recording videos or voice messages through it is frustrating. The quality is terrible when you play them back.	bug report
It's a good app, However when you try call people it always says "connecting" and it doesn't actually ring so u can't actually call the person u want to call and it annoys me because if I really need to call them I can't because it won't ring and it isn't just my divide I have tried on loads of other devices and it still doesn't ring	bug report
Calls are very rarely successful. Possibly the worst calling app I've ever used. It's meant to have all these calling options but honestly none of them work. Just use WhatsApp.	bug report
New interference update makes it super unfunctional. I have to keep installing older versions to be able to actually use it. please revert.	bug report
Honestly I don't get why people are rating discord so bad. It's one of the best apps	irrelevant information
It repetitively logs me out of my work group & I cant see my schedule due to it. Terrible app.	bug report
Really? You have to go premium to receive two step verification codes? That's rediculous and not the definition of free texting. Just another cash grab. I recommend getting a different free texting app.	feature request
So far it's a great app. My only issue is all the damn adds! Like holy! LoL	feature request
It's nice way to chat privately	irrelevant information
I loved the app until it keeps signing me out over and over again... MY GOODNESS, please fix this issue... it's really annoying. ..	bug report
Nice Good	irrelevant information
Have use this before now and he work perfectly	irrelevant information
The new UI is awful. It takes ages to load and it glitches every channel of every server for me. Not to mention how difficult it is to search for things now. Don't fix something that doesn't need fixing. The old UI was perfect just the way it was.	bug report
love text now cuz when I'm out of minutes on my other phone my text now works!!	feature request
Excellent, need also business signal for do online business	irrelevant information
It's okay. Does not sync contacts which is a good thing.	irrelevant information
It keeps saying my pin is wrong. I reinstalled it twice but it wont take the pin.	bug report
Could be better in a few ways.	irrelevant information
How do you have a calling app that disconnects the call everytime an ad pops up. Dumb	bug report
I accidentally went back to the new layout and I can't go back to the original/old layout. How do I go back now? Edit; Can you make it better or close to the old. I can't deal with it on my phone it will take me years to get used to it	feature request
Nothing	bug report
I use to love this app but for some reason all of my calls drop after two minutes or so.	bug report
It's a good app and all, it's just that It won't allow me to log in my accounts, and when I try to make another account, I can't because my phone number and email was in the other one, and it says it's invalid or something and that I can't make another account because my information was in the other one..	bug report
I enjoy this app so far no. Dropped calls.texting great.thank you text now😉😉	irrelevant information
Lately the app would sometimes swallow your message and just not send it - or send it and not show it.	bug report
I like and enjoy the app but it makes every thing sound bad while in a call or channel and the joining sound with headphones is ear shaddering	bug report
Genuinely the biggest swing of an app from great to horrible I have ever seen. Who approved this?	bug report
You can talk to other people and it will send you a notification if your favorite streamer is live	irrelevant information
Monthly sub/Yearly sub = Overpriced as fudge-doodles	irrelevant information
It's a really good app but some of my friends account got block for no reason	bug report
App is great for keeping in touch with family and friends. The audio and video on video calls were not synced up. The time stamps on messages for me were off by four hours. Those were my only issues tho.	bug report
So far fails many calls. Need to improve signal pricessing at low bandwidth and resilence to interferences.	bug report
When I Go To partner offers on the app Why is it  when ever I click on a click action or  take a survey, they always say "Were sorry, but something  went  wrong "? I have tried uninstalling and  reinstalling,I have updated it to it's latest version and my internet connection is fine. This is a wonderful app ,but please help me because this is very  aggravating.	bug report
My voice note takes time to send after recording it, am on Android 12 I seriously don't know if it's my phone or discord but my friend also complained about this.. apart from that my review is still 5 🌟	bug report
TEXTNOW IS A WASTE OF MY TIME THEY SAID I WAS DOING THINGS THAT I WASN'T DOING. I CURSE TEXTNOWS NAME AND HOPE THEY GET SHUT DOWN. THEY SAID I CAN'T GET MY PHONE NUMBER BACK BECAUSE FOR NO REASON. THEY ALSO STOLE MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT BY NOT DOING A REFUND 5 TIMES NOW SINCE I HAVE BEEN WITH THEM.	bug report
Not able to choose UK country code	bug report
Having only one app to receive all text messages was golden. Signal should recognize when the app is not installed and allow users to deactivate and unlink with the phone. Previous Signal users that no longer have the app do not receive any text messages. It's very frustrating. This new change to not receive sms texts only force me to use a second app. Ads are a nuisance.	feature request
AMOLED mode not working, even turned on. The theme is still normal dark mode,which is dark grey rather than black	bug report
Cannot sign in	bug report
50/50 chance either my cal will go through , or drop.	bug report
app worked great for awhile, then after something went wrong, & then even fixed, after giving a not so plesant reveiw, things just got worse & worse, as if a child playing games with someone on their app. So very sad.	bug report
wonderful service. calls drop at times.	bug report
its okay . but i wont recieve messages sometimes . gotta turn my wifi off and then on again . so annoying .	bug report
It is fine but I don't really use it.	irrelevant information
My go to free wifi calling app works like a charm	irrelevant information
Help I can't install it	irrelevant information
it's great and all bit it never responds and shuts me out plus it is super slow	bug report
Works most of the time extremely well.	irrelevant information
This app was excellent. It was the best messaging app out there. Keyword "was". Now they're removing SMS support, so you will need two apps to flip between depending on who you're messaging. I don't want to juggle yet another messaging app, so RIP Signal. Hopefully they are smart enough to revert this myopic decision.	feature request
Wi fi and itsbjust not th best it needs more.	irrelevant information
Pretty good love the improvement	irrelevant information
No one can hear me yes microphones on this sucks	bug report
Voice call quality is really poor , the other person can barely understand what I am saying	bug report
A little confusing at first...	irrelevant information
Works great when ever I need it	irrelevant information
This app used to work amazingly but now I can't get a call I make a call when texts don't come for hours and when I do manage to receive the call nobody can hear me and I can hear them	bug report
App works as it should.	irrelevant information
ever since the app was updated its been glitching...the old version didn't do that...needs to be fixed	bug report
ALWAYS clear sound and excellent messaging!	irrelevant information
So.. I can't react to anything, and I can't risk loosing this account I currently have since I hardly remember my password to this account.	bug report
This update sucks. It keeps telling me check my connection. Connection is fine. Now it's saying set my time to current time to use the app. You should definitely give people an option on these surprise updates that eventually ruin the app. If you don't fix the problem I would like a refund on the 1000 minutes I can't use	bug report
Notifications are not showing out. App need to developed.	bug report
Used a textfree # to sign up for a certain social media account. Everything was fine until the sm account needed to send me a security verification code. Textfree doesn't support short code verification emails so now I can't get into the sm account until I can get the code. TF support said to use a carrier # but I can't access my sm account to make changes. I'm screwed. Anyone know of an app that will allow me to put in the tf # to receive messages so I can get the code?	bug report
This is very useful for people that are out of service or just cannot get their phone to work which at the moment I can't im not having the best day!!!	irrelevant information
10/10 great way to lose your innocence (joke)	irrelevant information
hello, i am the person who said my account @lemiajames has been disabled and i dont know why bc i lost access to my email used for it but still have the phone number i think. if anyone sees this, i sent an appeal on the website i was told to send it to replying to the previous review. please update me on what i have done wrong and if i can reactivate my account via sms (my phone number is in the appeal), thank you so much.	bug report
yes my wifi and data service works just fine. It's a issue on your end.	irrelevant information
5now text	bug report
Discord after the new update us annoying, but the problem I have is that I can't send any images, I've tried everything and nothing	bug report
Very glitchy	bug report
Fun and you can get some great art	irrelevant information
how do you close the function for the 3minute dc from call?	feature request
Cannot response immediately.... confirmatory text was not deliver instantly	bug report
The value of this was having messaging centralized. This is my sms app. That also enabled people to be converted, if I wanted more secure options with them. Now, they're removing sms. That means that all my texting will be unable to go through signal. I'm not splitting my time between two sms platforms, just because one is secured. This is a very bad move. I'm not using 2 things, and require sms because many people don't have signal, so my messaging will just be insecure, now. Change your mind.	feature request
Would give 5 stars if you could talk on it but the only thing you can do is text	feature request
Used to work really well. Since the update it takes forever to load messages (if they load at all) my work chats all the sudden one day just disappeared and i have to post things multiple times to get them to send.	bug report
Always says this device is not certified	bug report
i honestly dont like the new update, ive been using since 2019 and i already have muscle memory set and i just dont like the new ui. it reminds me of snapchat. just make a option to go back to the other one because honestly i hate this update.	feature request
if the comments are Tru the community has spoken sms failure is the death of signal	feature request
Gorgeous app	irrelevant information
Used to be awesome before they removed the SMS integration. Now everyone I convinced to use it stopped using it.	feature request
slower than it used to be. The app takes longer to load up and written	bug report
Dropping SMS support means I'll need to find a new default messaging app and that my hopes of getting more folks to use Signal are dashed!	feature request
So I dont really know what I did but my texts were not sending and and occasional they would send but then I would go a day or two without being able to send a text like It would send it just wouldn't go through on the other side. now I think im banned because I texted "Hi" in a gc? so now my account has been limited? Idk please fix this textnow Idk what i did lol. Other than those tiny winzy problems... it great!!!	bug report
This is the most Secure 🔐 messaging app I have ever used but I have 2 problems :-: 1st). Not many people use Signal because they just don't know about it so I'm kinda stuck with WhatsApp. 2nd). I don't know how to back up my chats on Signal since I don't find a backup option where I can use my Google Drive to backup my chats by using my email address. I recently format my smartphone & I lost all my chats, so please make the backup chats option simple & easy.	feature request
Love discord but so buggy and slow lately.	bug report
Whoever made this new update should be fired. It's convoluted, ugly, and the most frustrating thing I've ever had to use. There are so many unnecessary changes to the layout and icons. It's inconvenient and soulless.	feature request
Have only used for a few weeks in one group but so far seems very solid. I like being able to mute.	irrelevant information
I love it when my phone is off i can use this	irrelevant information
Used to use this app years ago and it worked fine. Time has passed and this app is not the same. Very glitchy, ton of adds, paid for 100 minutes for 1.99. Continues to say dropped call. Very disappointed.	bug report
Discord has glitches and freezes, like before Microsoft bought discord, it wasn't having this problem	bug report
You have to watch an ad every time you open the app and in the middle of conversations every single time you send a message, this used to be a good app it's just trash now	bug report
It is as good, perhaps even better than, as WhatsApp - why? Because it has all the features of WhatsApp but without the risk that they would use your data. Signal is formed by a group of people whose intentions are to protect the user.	feature request
Dont use this you cant hear the people your trying to call	bug report
Awesomeness app	irrelevant information
What in the world is the Dev team thinking removing SMS support?! The whole reason to use the app is to consolidate encrypted conversations with SMS. Its a real shame that longtime users like myself and many others will have to find another option to do something that should be very simple. The Dev team needs to seriously reconsider their direction here. I hope for viable forks.	feature request
Didn't give me any numbers for my state. When I tried to reopen it told me I had violated the terms of use and needed to activate my account. But they never actually send the activation email.	bug report
Great service and couldn't be happier.	irrelevant information
Dude it's ok but have it for like three days maybe four an it starts not letting you watch videos for free minutes and then really starts messing up by not letting u pick up or end calls and takes forever to start after u click the app most of the time u see a black screen or a white one for like 5 minutes before it actually starts working	bug report
Deletes me from group chats, claims I'm still in them and won't let me rejoin. Direct Messages either delete themselves or never send.	bug report
The app will not allow me to make a phone call	bug report
So why is Skype just giving up??? With other apps on the rise like ZOOM I think Microsoft drastically needs to shift gears and focus on salvaging there 8 billion dollar investment before its to late... ZOOM whent from 1k downloads a day to over 3 million when the global pandemic hit. I'm no rocket scientist but the way I see it Skype has got real competition for the first time and is swiftly loosing popularity to said competition.	feature request
This app does not work. 50% of the times, the calls would not get connected. for $9.99 per month, look elsewhere.	bug report
I love Discord so this hurts I've been using Discord since 2017 and have always loved it but with the new changes everything is going downhill. The new UI is terrible but what's even worse is the Discord Team blatantly ignoring our pleas to revert the changes. It hurts my heart to see an app I've loved so dearly be ruined for no apparent reason. I hope the users will show their displeasure by unsubscribing from Nitro and continuing to be vocal about these issues until Discord finally wakes up.	feature request
The new update is so poorly optimized it barely works on fold phones and the old UI is way better...why change things just for the sake of changing...sigh	bug report
One long ongoing feed for everything. I don't like having to scroll through a lot of messages to find content. Take a photo of anything you want to find later or forget it. People get offended when you have to ask for the information again later and or you ask to repost it. I'm forced to use the app by my associations that so use it... UGH!	feature request
Update update update ffs just let me use the bloody thing.. or dont stop me from using it unless i do as im told fkn anoyying	bug report
Its good because you can call and text people	irrelevant information
I am able to send txt internationally, but apparently cant receive txt fr int'l ppl who have said they did reply.	bug report
The new update is extremely laggy and turns three words + some lag and creates a paragraph that takes a minute to erase without selecting the whole thing and hitting "cut" because of, big surprise, lag.	bug report
Eh it ight	irrelevant information
Texting is very easy with this app, but making or receiving calls doesn't work. Text now is a much better app.....	bug report
It's been really good and how I feel like it's so private	irrelevant information
"TextNow is unavailable in your country"	irrelevant information
I love the app it's a amazing talking app but the only issue I had was discord randomly kicking me off call randomly, it doesn't happen a lot but I think that's a bug but overall the best app I use everyday.	bug report
The app is reasonable.  Settings are difficult to manage and find at times. Delays in downloading too.	feature request
Sometimes Reliable Gets Job Done & Sometimes.... Throws Phone	bug report
INTRUSIVE, VIOLATED AND UGLY!!! "Text Free" must get cents per sec from entities, corporation's, etc... you are Tracked/Stalked by immediately more than Goggle themselves. It's scary and shocking to see 1,000's of apps/whatever/whoever they are you never even used or heard of profiling you. It should be said how much data is taken from a person. Get "DUCKDUCKGO" if you have no means of privacy for your devices. "Nothing is Private online/devices incase you are not aware." Peace ✌	irrelevant information
The new UI update makes it so difficult to use that I'm uninstalling. Terrible decision.	feature request
It's a great way to keep everyone in our group on the same page. If we can't get to a meeting for some reason, GroupMe keeps me updated.	irrelevant information
I give 2 to this app because after so much attempt to get my account back, they deleted it.	bug report
I'm having a lot of fun with this app. Really functional and dependable.	irrelevant information
I been using discord for a long time but sometimes it doesn't let me send pictures to my server or group chat	bug report
It's good but he took long time to made and account	irrelevant information
The apps amaxing overrall somestimes notifications stop sending even though ive got eveything enables correctly it just doesnt sends them in sometimes	bug report
trying to change the phone # linked to my account, and having no luck. This	bug report
Needs to be more user friendly/ easier to use	feature request
I would like to see Signal replace classic SMS as the default messaging app on all cellular devices, but not before Signal makes one very important change: Please allow my desktop Signal app to load all previous messages from my mobile phone's Signal app, just like the default "Messages" app does when I do "Device Pairing" in Chrome on my desktop.	feature request
Cannot send pictures for some reason since yesterday afternoon! Please fix it! It used to be working well!	bug report
I think it's a great deal	irrelevant information
Please add swipe right to see who's online back instead of to reply. It's confusing.	feature request
i like that it has its own photo storige	irrelevant information
Skype has limit call 24hours, if its more than 24hours, immediately call dropped. I use skype to call my fiance everyday... when its call dropped, its annoying and irritating for me also for my fiance... please fix this bugs, i miss old skype...	bug report
I've had no problems with this app. So I like the service that it serves!	irrelevant information
I hate the new update. I've been having problems with it ESPECIALLY with my keyboard/trying to send messages	bug report
Heaviest app ever! I have never see an app so slow! It looks to work with a PC of the '90.	bug report
Clunky. Difficult. Hard to send pictures or gifs don't go Posts sometimes will not go.....then double post Only thing I like about GroupMe is the ability to like someone's post	bug report
Well it may work but it takes over my phone. My phone will behave in a strange way as in the calls will hang up on me.	bug report
Overall, it's a good app. We should be able to edit our posts though.	feature request
This app has been doing everything it offers! I appreciate you guys!	irrelevant information
How do y'all sign me out my account I go to login in and it deletes my number I had for few years what the hell not cool at all for doing that	bug report
It's a Cryptid message in my email for this app	irrelevant information
The new version will remove SMS functionality, leading to an inferior product. Very sad as i previously was an enthusiastic evangelizer.	feature request
This program only works half the time. I have messages sitting in a pending state and people wondering why i am not answering them. What good is a secure program if it cant send a message...	bug report
Great group chats but need to buy additional emoji if you wanted	feature request
It's a good app for socializing. So far, I have only one friend on here, & I would recommend this to anyone that wants to come on here.	irrelevant information
Dropping SMS support makes this completely useless. I only know like one other person who uses this. Horrible decision, goodbye!	feature request
Overall, it's OK, but there's still no actual 'block' feature that has been requested by users for years. The blocked person can still read messages and continue to troll and/or harass people. There needs to be a real block feature like Twitter has. Someone gets blocked; I can't see their messages and they can't see mine. The report feature does virtually nothing as well. Until then, the app gets a low rating.	feature request
The app used to be very stable but now a simple notification with a picture in it can crash my phone so badly that I have to restart it. The management of medias is very clunky, half of my gallery pictures are displayed in the photo picker. I tried clearing the cache/data and reinstalling the app but no success. I guess its the price to pay for not running the latest Android. Its becoming tough to promote Signal to friends and family when your personal experience is getting worse :(	bug report
I JUST MADE THE ACCOUNT AND IT STARTED OFF W ZERO MINUTES , WHY?	bug report
I like the app but couldn't get sim card to work	bug report
This new interface is not working properly and freezing and extramingly low. I cant even explain hoe bad this is.	bug report
Love this app been using it for years. I wanted my personal number to be private from my business and this is perfect. I hate that there's now huge ads that pop up and are slightly annoying to get rid of. For that you get 4 stars.	feature request
Good to use when your phone is off or have portable wifi	irrelevant information
app gave me in order to verify it is really my number. It does at least let	feature request
Needs to give more minutes	feature request
A really good app for sending messages/media/files and having calls/screensharing. Not cluttered by media junk by default. 👍	irrelevant information
GroupMe is not working correctly. All my uploaded pictures are not showing up in group chat room gallery. I have to manually scroll up and down within the chat to search them. I'm part of a major Motorcycle Club, we use picture uploads for vital information. If this is not fixed soon, you guys will be looking at a whole state of South Carolina leaving this app to find another app. I like GroupMe so please fix it before me and my team replaces this app with another. That includes iPhone users also	bug report
Slow to receive messages or when i send message it loads for abit before it went through to the sender. Gif not working. No picture at all.. not able to send gif. Please fix it.	bug report
So i upgraded the app because it had problems loading. It is still the same thing. In order for it to work i would have to turn of my phone and it will go away. Now even if i do that, its the same problem. Even worse because i see the loading pop up after 15 minutes or so whenever i have to turn off my phone. Also sometimes i get the messages super late and i know it has nothing to do with the internet connection. Now that gets me mad. I like this app, its just those two  major things that bother me.	bug report
Sometimes I cannot send messageson sig nal apps	bug report
I find the app to be a little difficult to navigate	feature request
My notifications aren't coming through even though my notifications are on	bug report
Best app to ever exist on the univesre	irrelevant information
I particularly love the "delay delivery" option on messages. Great and simple app, with everything you want.	feature request
Multiple bugs. If I could keep my number I'd go to something else. While texting, ads continue to change. They change in banner size as well. When this happens the screen blinks, the keyboard jumps around and often what i have typed is deleted. This is extremely annoying. Please fix this.	bug report
I need to know how to remove and block a specific conversation please.	feature request
Easy to install	irrelevant information
Hi Developers! I don't know if you will reply this or not but can you bring back the old Text Free app? The one you used to call Textfree EX. I miss that one. I still have it on my old iPod touch 5th gen. Notice its no longer in any of the app store. I was lucky to have never uninstall it and I am still able to text on it and receive text to but it lags big time but the point is now I'm on android. I know there basically kinda the same thing but the difference was the Textfee EX had a setting option where you could change your main screen wallpaper and your conversation wallpaper background. If you can't bring back that old app, can you at least add that old feature to this new Text free app? If so Thank you!	feature request
its fine but when i call someone and they dont ansewr the lady comes on for	bug report
Delete this TextNow it belong to the hacker Andrew r Quihuiz out in Texas	irrelevant information
In iPhone the icon app is still the name is sigal and not weather, or news and you cannot hide the messages	feature request
Good app and services	irrelevant information
So far its going great just started using the app	irrelevant information
Bugs, galore. Always messing up.	bug report
App keeps crashing all of a sudden i dont know why i tried every other alternative please fix!	bug report
Cant Redownload	bug report
Since latest update, if I share from another app new chats don't show in list until I open them. Needs a way to select all messages in a conversation. Selecting individual messages to delete was tedious. Recently, it has gotten very difficult. I have to tap several times to select each message sometimes, and it clicks several times for each tap rather than once. Not sure what the cause is. Only happens in Signal.	feature request
The app is very good clear voice good noise suppression everything is fine but the app is to good for low end phone it just takes 19 % of the process it is a lot for low end phones it makes my phone's restart two times in a row ????? Please fix this for low end phone	bug report
Great App, the adds were annoying but subscription is pretty good. I only have one qualm and that is; it doesn't have a dark mode or theme change.	feature request
I have had a wonderful experience with signal.	irrelevant information
It doesn't allow most calls to come through. It says received but it never rings or gets answered. And when talking, people hear my response late.	bug report
EDIT; BRING BACK SMS\MMS. WOW. HORRIBLE IDEA. NOW OFFICIALLY A DEAD APP...... I've gotten stranded w no ride because this app. JERKS took down my review, even tho I didn't violate any guidelines whatsoever. I'm here again, because I can't send any messages, so I thought I should share how poorly this app functions. all my other phone apps are connected and working. it's just signal.... it's AWAYS signal.	bug report
Stuff like this usually gives you minutes when you first sign up,but this one doesnt you have to pay for it or download a bunch of games and play them first.	feature request
Tried text messaging but every time i send a text to takes several minutes before you would know if the message was sent, with a check mark. I think they need to come up with a better way of let the customer know that their text was sent.	bug report
Not enough bonus	bug report
great way to communicate with your friends family and MOST importantly co workers	irrelevant information
Please revert the UI change :(	feature request
Not loading	bug report
It literally disables your texting for 24 hours if you "spam" messages.ie sending like 10 pictures at once. Plus a ridiculous amount of ads	bug report
Great when it works properly	bug report
Was good trash now	bug report
Still facing this same issue.Messages doesn't sent on time not even receives probably 1st time I ever facing this problem over all other apps. Notifications delayed.	bug report
The updated UI sucks it's harder to switch channels	feature request
Unknown	feature request
Fix your app. Its getting more and more frustrating to use. It doesn't work half the time now. If you cant keep it up than you shouldnt have it.	bug report
Great for texting but HORRIBLE if needed for calls‼️	bug report
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING! does NOT let me use my right of free speech GRAHHH one star!!!!	irrelevant information
I've been using Signal since 2018 but I have now deleted the app as they are no longer supporting SMS and it's not worth using two different apps.	irrelevant information
Very reliable good app	irrelevant information
Search is pretty weak, finding channels. By fuzzy search for example doesn't really work. Threads vs channels is confusing. Not being able to boost a server from mobile is odd. I use discord almost exclusively on Mobile.	feature request
Can't download it on my Android 9 phone😢	bug report
Very teliable to use	irrelevant information
This is a great way to connect with others with some protection. However the description is pretty old. It's not Halloween time anymore.	irrelevant information
Bremerton WA by C&c store	irrelevant information
Its not free talk you have to pay for additional minutes and only get a few free... trash!	bug report
Better than Whatsapp and more private	irrelevant information
If you don't want to pay for a phone, this is your bare minimum option. I wanted to rate it higher but recently texts are taking 12 hours to actually come through, incoming calls lock up my phone, and a whole plethora of other problems that weren't here when I signed up. Hopefully they figure it out.	bug report
The life saving App !? Thank All yall that helped put this App together. I Appreciate all the hard work yuns's do 4 everybody. Thanks !!!	irrelevant information
Your app doesn't work. It just spins & spins when I click on the "join group" button or trys to redownload the app I've already downloaded & installed over & over. From a pixel pro 7.	bug report
Why I can't download this application	bug report
I I have been a text now user for years I mean it's a good app just has crazy ads uncontrollable ... But overall good apps but now app is not working you don't know if they are working on the app store!? but app is not loading up at all. thumbs down text no app itself is not working!!!	bug report
NOT happy about the dropping of SMS support which is why I chose signal and became a monthly donor. Will have to look for a replacement that will support SMS.	feature request
It's got what I need	irrelevant information
After the recent update, I can no longer stay in the invisible mode. It always switches to available as soon as I switch the app.	bug report
Some calls dont come through at times please fix this	bug report
Nice to video call chat is smooth	irrelevant information
I can always reach family on this app TextNow rocks!!	irrelevant information
Been using this app for long time but it freeze up won't let you answer disconnect the call slow when opening the app if you trying to call someone you have to keep hitting the person name then it will say app not responding close app if all these issues can be fixed this would be an amazing app	bug report
It's good but when I enter my login stuff right it doesn't work I tried logging in this is broken its werid bc I deleted the app for a glitch and installed it again and when I installed it again I tried logging in my login won't work plz fix	bug report
It works fine... But managing two brands... Somehow merge into one brand.. Teams	feature request
It great and it the best message app you can get however there some bug with the call that says internet is bad and my internet is good so if u can fix bug that would be nice.... 🙂🙂🙂👍👍👍👍	bug report
I used to love this app, but it crashes all the time!	bug report
Just one problem you used to let us get confirmation codes to text now and now it's saying that I need to upgrade.. can you guys do everything you can to change that. This is the only number I have at the moment and I need confirmation codes sent to this number so thank you for taking the time to read this	feature request
A great way for members of group to stay informed and I touch	irrelevant information
This updated app has some lagging problem because it try to connect with the internet each time when i open this app...so keep change something in it	bug report
Just initiated	irrelevant information
Cant opeñ incoming calls	bug report
Works great sometimes. But most of the time I have to actually go into the app for the messages to refresh and come through. The notifications don't work appropriately. I've received lots of important messages very late. It's frustrating	bug report
I would rate 5 but the offers for the free minutes is crappy at times and if you looking to buy minutes I wouldn't do it. Sorry just being honest, if that matter gets cleared I'd be happy.	feature request
Says it is free then as soon as you select a number they charge you	bug report
App sucks. Have problem receiving calls and can't get any help from customer support. Spent most of 3 days "chatting with their experts" and no resolution.	bug report
I can't create an account. It's telling me incorrect pin	bug report
Bluetooth wont connect if you connect a headset after a call has Started. the option to change the audoo will disappear as soon as a Bluetooth hedset is connected. i have to end the call and xonnect the headset forst to be able to use it	bug report
I have had text free for many years, I'm so sorry I updated it recently. Now I can't use it as a separate txt. It forces you to have your normal phone txt in it, before I had a choice. And all the comercials, yes full blown Comercials that take up half the page. Its hard to send and receive txt because of the advertisements. Time to look elsewhere.	bug report
free can't complaine	bug report
The app is good. I appreciate the use of banner ads rather than commercials. It's probably a four-star app, except that every time someone texts, my phone lets out an ear-piercing, bloodcurdling scream of a notification. There seems to be no way to change it in the android UI, and when you go to the in-app sound settings it just kicks you back to the android app configuration menu. It does not use the default system notification; I can't even adjust the volume down.	bug report
Was good while it lasted. Signal not supporting SMS just killed it for me. Guess I'm back to Google messages with RCS.	bug report
Better app than what'sup amazed by its choice of	irrelevant information
So awesome. Need to get with no ads. Only complaint. To many ads! But very easy and free.	feature request
Why do you people have to ask every single time I go into this app you have to ask for me to set up calls and messaging? I get texts and calls on the app fine but you keep asking that stupid question everytime runs this whole app.	bug report
So far the app has been great 👍	irrelevant information
The new update is terrible. The text is smaller and harder to read and the white menus (such as the group name and the settings) are a bit disorienting. Please bring back the blue.	feature request
The app is great but what are u guys doing to the mobile version, it becomes slower and slower with each update and now its a lag fest whenever im trying to do anything keyboard or emoji related. Im not gonna buy an expensive phone. Optimized ur app please.	bug report
Keeps not hanging up and very slow0	bug report
That app is fine but the call is not good load noise and more you may all know so I will give it A 2	bug report
Very good for screensharing and group project work. I use it all the time to do group projects with my friends	irrelevant information
try to reduce the ads	irrelevant information
Latest update to the UI made it very uncomfortable to access DM's. For new users it may be more easier to navigate but I digress. It's very weird to open DM's with a bottom button tho it's just IMO	feature request
This app sucks. Half the time it won't send the messages even. Stupid. I wouldn't have it if my company didn't require it.	bug report
Like a lot of other users, love discord as a program but on my phone it's extremely buggy. This sure is the only way to use discord on an android!	bug report
Last update forced a terrible new UI that puts many important features in the exact same place that in-app notifications pop up, instead of swiping left for them like the older UI, which was much more functional. I'm going to stop using the mobile app altogether because it's such an awful user experience.	feature request
The app is soooo slow. Great on a PC but terrible on phones	bug report
Wat happpend it was great but then it wpuldnt alert me	bug report
Lots of scam calls . Voice-mail doesn't work. Other then that it's good as a back up if u don't want people knowing ur number	bug report
pretty cool. minus 1 star for CCP spyware	feature request
Great app! Needs a few tweaks, better emojis, as the blue emojis are hard to see and discern the faces.	feature request
The app is good but idk how to change my number. someone keeps texting me 😬	feature request
Reliable service	irrelevant information
It used to be good, but now it won't let me call anyone and is always lagging	bug report
The notifications are not working. I have to keep opening the app to see who texted me and it's not letting me receive pictures. ...please fix this problem ASAP before I delete	bug report
Skype is very useful that is why i want to sign in again. So kindly help me to sign in. Thank you.	irrelevant information
Emotional	irrelevant information
The text part of the app worked very well actually for me when i didnt have a phone.	irrelevant information
i have to use vpns because my gov is retarded. now everyday i have to sign in again. and today it says my account is blocked because of "suspicious activities". just be normal like all other platforms, instead of adding insult to our injuries plz	bug report
I like the app but when i try to upload files or videos it randomly doesn't upload the video when i try to post one	bug report
No one can hear me talk its poopy.	bug report
Difficult to hear another person over the phone	bug report
It's okay ☺️ though it sometimes the sound isn't that good 😉 😂😜😅☺️🤣😜🤣🤠🤣😜🤣	irrelevant information
so the app was working fine but the lady few days its acting strange not working properly and constanly loading slow and crashing	bug report
There are some of us with no active phone. I will rate higher when it is changed	feature request
I love this app the only problem is when I have a code sent to me Textnow won't let me have the code without doing something and I don't know what to do	bug report
Make it so i can use my number to get verification on all things including websites, apps etc. When you do that I'll give 5 stars. Otherwise a great wifi text app.	feature request
Keeps forcing updates by breaking message send. Still an issue 1.5 years later, and updates often fail to install.	bug report
dude fix your app on PC bro it's hella laggy	bug report
I dont get messages or notifications, constantly have to login and out to get messages abd sometimes that does not work either, verified number and login several times	bug report
this app is trash. never notifies me of text OR calls. cant get a hold of customer serice, there useless... dont waste your time if you read this	bug report
At first I was so happy but I am 7 and I can not text you are crrrrrrrazy 😀😁😂😐😕😠😬😡😢😤😈	irrelevant information
Ther aer a lot of people that try to gete to leson so that can hack me and that aer not poeple I no or have seen in the past but it's still not a good place for yung kids that do not noo haw to get out of oun of those problems so keep you,r kids shaf	irrelevant information
The App A Pimp Cant Live Without	irrelevant information
Rated r jerkmate chat with me	irrelevant information
Does what it's supposed to. Good quality voice and video. Having said that, definitely room for improvement when it comes to UX and additional features.	feature request
keeps saying to verify phone number after log in with email	bug report
It was nice, some adjusting on my part, I believe.	irrelevant information
Account was hacked and they won't let me recover it. Someone was using my credit card to buy international minutes. Had to cancel the card and report fraud. Skype does not care and the hacker still has my account. Do not use Skype.	bug report
eat	irrelevant information
After using this for a while and subscribing to get a fixed no, the app is now crashing in my Xiaomi mi 10 ultra and I'm stuck. Can't even open it as it closes right away! Please help.	bug report
This app is cool, BUT LITERALLY I CANNOT PUT IN MY NEW EMAIL BECAUSE MY OLD ONE GOT PERMA DELETED. I COULDNT FIX IT IN TIME AND DISCORD IS TELLING ME I NEED TO USE MY OLD EMAIL FOR VERIFICATION WHEN I LITERALLY CANNOT ACCESS IT ANYMORE. SO I CANT PUT IN MY NEW EMAIL AT ALL. THIS IS REALLY UPSETTINGA AND FRUSTRATING MY GOD WHY DO YOU GUYS MAKE THE WORST UPDATES AT TIMES MAN.	bug report
The call quality is awesome! The user interface and app itself if much lower than the average messaging apps. It is crazy complicated and doesn't feel natural at all.	feature request
I like it a lot, but the only bad thing is the varification	feature request
very good and free	irrelevant information
It's bad because it's not a free app if got to pay	irrelevant information
Not intuitive when organising contacts, great apart from that.	feature request
still one star, please never update the app ever again	irrelevant information
I received an invite text to join a group but I cannot for some reason. When I click the link in the text, it comes up "not able to load conversation". Then the app closes because of a bug issue. I have Uninstalled and installed so many times and it still does not work.	bug report
I wouldn't bother with this app if you have put the wrong email address in by mistake trying to delete that account to start with right email address is almost impossible so don't bother the amount of replies in email form I've had saying they can't delete need the other email addresses to confirm to delete is madness I'm sticking with this review	bug report
someone fix this thank you 👎😒😦🙁	bug report
Heavy on your internet and hardware, tons of bugs and outdated.	bug report
It is wonderful. Thanks	irrelevant information
It will not well with the owner of this apps	bug report
Great app, but lock in number is kinda annoying.also is there a free trial? thanks	feature request
Had to temporarily get a new number to get ahold of someone who blocked me, was 100% free call went through perfectly and quality was great. Didn't use the text feature though	irrelevant information
Needs to be completely free	irrelevant information
You should give option to change the ring tone.	feature request
Problem in notification sound it only vibrate but no notification sound.	bug report
Works great,who knew	irrelevant information
THIS APP REQUIRES YOU ADD YOUR PHONE NUMBER! Its a glorified chat room app, but they "need" your phone number. Even X (Twitter) allows you to browse without a phone number/account.	bug report
Honestly I loved Skype but know it's just not worth it anymore I created an account easily last time with my number but know it's telling me that they don't support my country code and even after I went far enough it still didn't log in right now I regret using Skype	bug report
until I open the conversation. It also shows that im the only member on the	feature request
Sucked your app is slow and dont respond well at all	bug report
Why cant i cancel my subs. I cant find the option anywhere	bug report
Well I only use it for emergency so I guess its okay	irrelevant information
20.11.2022 onwards skype stopping automatically .iam uninstall and reinstall also🥺 amy one can help me	bug report
But now wont send pics.. For 4 months now not working	bug report
Great app, I use it everyday to contact my long distance relationship. Love it.	irrelevant information
When I call any of my friends the call is breaking too much overall it's an excellent app	bug report
Please give security option for group meeting that anyone cannot remove or mute other participants.	feature request
Text now could use a little better coverage when it comes to WiFi calling. I'm all the way full when it comes to WiFi signal bars. But yet it still breaks up badly when I call people. Other than the coverage on WiFi networks. This is the most reliable talk and text app on the market. Hands down. Easy and SOOO, convenient to use	feature request
Good apps so far	irrelevant information
Cannot work over 3G network. That's the best in most corners of my country...	feature request
At first the app worked perfectly but now my messages remain unsent and phone calls that are made to me only show up when missed. Really frustrated by this app now and unfortunately will have to switch to another platform	bug report
crashes far too often and "we dropped the magnifying glass" happnes way too much the remix feature also sometimes doesn't work as intended	bug report
Works very good and makes it easy to plan team events.	irrelevant information
Best one to keep in touch with family. Easy	irrelevant information
This is a mix of bad and good but when its bad it will not let you text at all. You type a few words then it takes you back to your home screen. Every other app I have does not do that	bug report
It looks nice now but doesn't work as well; can't see if someone is online; now have even less options to be away, online, or appear offline; and you can't send gif you have or your phone because no one else sees them move they just see stand still pictures.	bug report
I liked that it was free	irrelevant information
Great for connecting with fam and friends.	irrelevant information
Conversations are stopped when talking because people on the other end can't hear me in middle or beginning of Conversations	bug report
Was downloading and read the reviews and just uninstalled it. The trouble others are having make it not even worth trying. Charging for a service you can only use at home😂 So then I do try it. And has no numbers in any of my surroundings area codes. So I don't want it even more now.	irrelevant information
Needed to relieve my stress,youre asking me if am human cant you just send me the code already,already jnstalled it ,come anf check if am an animal ,look at you am so angry,no stars,dont install this app ,coz they think cows use phones too,seriously dont	irrelevant information
Talking on the phone with textfree isn't the best, but it helps when you're in a pinch. Texting is great!	irrelevant information
When I leave a voice memo while wearing my buds or headphones it uses my microphone from my phone. Absolutely unacceptable	bug report
The app is overall very good but it does have some bugs and crashes Some bugs occur when you're trying to move a role higher on mobile. it sometimes works, sometimes not Crashes occur when you try to generate a "Never-ending" invite link and this crash occurs in like 1/3 whenever you're trying to create a custom link of your discord server	bug report
It hasn't been that many years since using most any other texting app seemed wanton and irresponsible to me, but some of them came around, and stole some of the thunder. That's a victory in its own way, but having to use some other app for the other 98.5% of my contacts... There's not much point to using this one like there used to be. There's just no downside, either. I won't tell you to install and use this (anymore), but I doubt I'll uninstall it.	irrelevant information
Works awesome but you do get a lot of ad's.... wish that would change without the monthly fee...	feature request
Random people text me and ask my height and my name Candice Berry creepy so you guys need to fix it or I'm deleting this app	bug report
Love it. Only trouble is every once in a while notifications stop.	bug report
Bad decision to not support SMS anymore.	feature request
App does not work in my country	bug report
Too many pop up ads and some messages that people send me dont come through. The lock in number for google duo doesnt work and I have to pay for it. My phone cant do the wifi free calling and texting and when someone calls me I can rarely click accept	bug report
Asked to join,  download the app,  now it seems I am not invited to the group. the invitation has already been used somehow.	bug report
After choosing free number and try to send text i get message Apology but your number is not available after being inactive for some time. It was only few seconds after getting the number	bug report
I have a Chrome Box. Skype used to open by itself. Recently the Chrome extension upgraded to a tab in Chrome. Now weirdly I have to open a group call to get into the program. What a mess! Cant get at my chat list without making a call to nowhere and hanging up.	bug report
Privacy = Signal	irrelevant information
All things are best.. Excluding downloading large files difficult..and and please improve downloading part	bug report
I HAD TO PAY 49 DOLLARS AT A COMPUTER SHOP TO GET UP AND RUNNING BUT IT WAS WORTH IT.	irrelevant information
I love this app but I wish you could pin messages (game/practice schedules, brackets etc)so they don't get lost in the responses. Other than that it's great.	feature request
Very useful app and easy to use.	irrelevant information
I will be trying to make a call and it rings once and them I don't hear anything. My brother n law says he can hear me when I call but I only hear one ring and on the top right corner it changes to either free call or the time starts as if someone answered please help!	bug report
I just installed the app yesterday and tried make and account and when I tried it said my account was disabled for some reason and I tried make a new email so I can use the app but I tried pick a phone number and it was loading to slow so the timer ran out and yet my wifi is fine but my account disabled again cause the timer ran out I don't know why it is doing this but it is very frustrating	bug report
I like discord but I really wish they would focus on performances and fixing bugs rather than weird ui updates	feature request
I cant send pics anymore even after uninstalling this program keep getting image could not be attached	bug report
You have to pay for minutes, the echo/static/reverb is crazy, there are ADS like crazy, and it doesn't ring on my end when anyone calls	bug report
It is a good app and not bad for me. But I need Wifi to go into it.	feature request
Good for the most part just sometimes leave notification bubbles that never go away until you uninstall the app	bug report
haven't used much but heres a report	bug report
Still no Entered Time of Messages to Track it's timely delivery...Poor retrieval of Voicemail still	bug report
forces you tu buy premium to get 2fa messages	feature request
Great job with this app	irrelevant information
Why does my discord keep closing and even my brother's discord is not opening	bug report
Half of the time I try to send messages, it never actually sends and I have to retype the message and send it again...just for the original message to send minutes later. This is extremely annoying. Using Galaxy s9+. This app is almost unusable like this. PLEASE FIX!!	bug report
no backup. my phone failed, I had to wipe it & lost all Signal conversations	bug report
Buy credit. Take money. Don't give user access to make phone calls. Will robo call user who has bought credit. But just take money and don't give user permission to call or make texts. Great job. Horrible app. Used to be a good app.	bug report
I been having textnow for a year and I couldn't go wrong about switching over to it thanks to textnow 👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿	irrelevant information
It's not as junky as other calling apps but I am not pleased with it. It drops calls for no reason, says "call rejected" if you make too many calls in a day, and it won't hang up! I can hit the button 10 times and it still shows the time going like I am still in a call, but the other person already hung up. They REALLY need to fix this stuff! I am forced to use it because I can't afford a good phone service, and this is the better one of many junky phone apps.	bug report
Thanks for supporting iran iranin people not forget this action	irrelevant information
It won't stay installed	bug report
Great work app!	irrelevant information
Id give a better rating if it didnt drop the call after 30 seconds after i placed the call.	bug report
The new interface for the app is dogshit and unusable. None of the controls are intuitive. Get it together Discord, don't change what ain't broke.	feature request
Its wack, imo don't give people the control to change your name, your name is yours, not theirs. Its a whole complication when we ourselves should be able 2 change our names not ask permission to someone else to change it for you. It takes a long time, and for them to mess up twice is huge waste of time. Now its me, and why do IIII have a problem with it. I don't like people having control over my personal things.	feature request
Nicer	irrelevant information
what a joke cant make calls half the time have to go through laptop to make the calls	bug report
Before the update discord was the best thing ever but since they've updated everything its different and nobody likes it like I understand your trying to make it better but this is not it like bruh	feature request
Bad connection other person could never hear me only I could hear them	bug report
Good, and improving by the year।	irrelevant information
I love this phone app.	irrelevant information
New UI is a horrible experience.	feature request
You have to pay	irrelevant information
that i hear, A SKYPE CALL FROM A GROUP CHAT. when i check im on active like	bug report
Overall the app is amazing but the texts and calls are very laggy and have bad quality.	bug report
Won't receive any calls	bug report
Fake app was noticed it could steel person information on news station sire	bug report
Very nice pic and video	irrelevant information
Free awesome app with WI-fi. only thing is number gets taken away if u happen to not use it for more then 30days. fair enough tho. overall I enjoy it and would recommend it to friends &family. also emergency purpose it is very useful.	irrelevant information
I would have given it 5 stars but I don't have a Facebook account is there any other way to get it😞	irrelevant information
The latest update broke video uploads. All audio from videos I upload turn into white noise.	bug report
Everything works as it should. But ever since the update a few months ago it takes considerably long to load in pictures or videos. Or even when I leave discord for 3 seconds and come back in it would always go to the "connecting" thing even if my internet is perfectly stable.	bug report
I have been using Skype for a decade now. My problem with Skype at the moment is if someone or you send a youtube video it is sent as a link and that is annoying as you can preview what the link is about. I can't see why this cannot be done on Skype it is available on WhatsApp. I get an odd ring tone not the usual Skype sound when I have an incoming call.	feature request
Good app overall 👍	irrelevant information
Total privacy	irrelevant information
do not get tgis game it resets ur phone number	bug report
Don't work no signal waste	bug report
Just need to test it more.	irrelevant information
Private,swift and best way to socialize! 👍	irrelevant information
An excellent app , how do you block someone from texting you?	feature request
Great app to communicate with multiple people at once.	irrelevant information
still Bluetooth is not connecting properly kinky look out the issue	bug report
Could use a few upgrades	feature request
Slow, laggy, and just feels outdated.	bug report
The app has improved but every time I try to boost a server discord crashes, it's been like this for almost a month	bug report
Rubbish- constantly locking me out	bug report
I works bu don't like the prof coin s	bug report
Soccer coach uses it to let team parents know about upcoming practices. Very convenient!!	irrelevant information
I gave it 3 star because of its camera when someone share the screen it zoom full or the original it cannot zoom in what someone has to do,please do this problem solve thanks for my receiving comment	feature request
Kindly also add option of group massage restrictions only admin can massage.	feature request
It won't let me send messages and says my number has expired when I had just made an account.	bug report
Great for speaking to Antipodean colleague!	irrelevant information
perhaps I just don't know how to do it.	irrelevant information
I get 100 calls and text on that number but I have not given the number to anyone. I get calls and text before I use it	bug report
Ugghh I wish I could have this app but my mom blocked it as soon as I installed it :/	irrelevant information
Put it back I want the old discord back I don't want this weird haft facebook messenger haft wanky stuf😭😭😭😭	feature request
Changing from a 2 to a 1, I've now read the article Discord keeps posting in response to 1-star reviews. In brief it explains the (obvious) goals of this redesign and works as a pretty open statement that they do not care that they failed to accomplish these goals and are not interested in any feedback whatsoever on their redesign. "If you don't like that the app is worse now, you just don't 'get it'" seems to be the response. No, I get what you tried and failed to do, it just sucks.	bug report
I like the privacy of the app it's been great	irrelevant information
The app doesn't work! It show that all contacts are offline and all messages are pending. And there is no way to contact a support. People in the Skype community have similar issues, but no one responses their messages! Terrible product!	bug report
Good interms of privacy ,even you can customise the appereance according to your taste,finally a good app	irrelevant information
Useful way for groups to share information	irrelevant information
texts well on most numbers but during calls no one can hear me yet i can hear them. tried several phones. i tried that	bug report
Has some minor bugs every now and then, but it doesn't make the experience worse.	bug report
Zzz im sleep this is trash wont go pass the terms and agreements	irrelevant information
reversed. and what's with removing/changing the emoji layout? now we have	feature request
recently ive been having problems with my camera being "unstable" idk if its my internet or disclrd but my internet has not changed and its getting really annoying. Idk if you all can fix it or not but it needs to be resolved.	bug report
The people I'm trying to text aren't even getting them from this app. Fix problems!	bug report
We are using it for our church to do prayer request and discussions between groups.	irrelevant information
Great way to keep up with teams and groups. Prevents issues with group text on different mobile platforms. Four stars only because I miss direct message notifications often.	feature request
Not free, just received email saying I owe $7.99 or my prescription will be canceled i didn't pay for any prescription.	irrelevant information
Happy to be with Signal although I haven't used it much yet	irrelevant information
Very very very bad application.. Totally disappointed...	bug report
Great Performance	irrelevant information
Hey! This app is not working. It is a hoax. No message going and coming. So I uninstalled this app. The developers are least bothered to check whether its working or not. Earlier in very old days many years ago it was good now it has turned into scam app. After paying also these apps and similar apps does not work and your hard earned money forfeited. They will not refund money nor any complaint cell available against these bogus fraud apps.	bug report
Just get service.	irrelevant information
It's good I'm on mobile it's probs better on PC but I use it a lot I think it's good it easy to use tho	irrelevant information
I would've given it a 5 if the app didn't tell me my password is wrong then I have to go through the whole i forgot my password shenanigans and when I get to pick a new password and put the one I used last time when I tried joining and it tell me ITS THE CURRENT PASSWORD ! hoe the HELL can a password be both not correct but also already used by me ? The hell is this app	bug report
Looking for a user-friendly messaging app that offers end-to-end encryption, customizable notifications, and message scheduling? Check out Text app! With excellent customer support and optimized performance, this app is a reliable choice for staying connected with friends, family, and colleagues. Its high ratings from users and robust feature set contribute to its ranking on Google. If you want a messaging app that is both feature-packed and highly rated, Text app is definitely worth trying out!	irrelevant information
You cannot call with any Wi-Fi, and there are so many annoying ads.	bug report
Good app buh i need more minutes and no new video has popped up for me to earn them to call people	feature request
Removing sms is a bad move. I and most other will leave.	feature request
It wont even let me open the app yall need to fix somethin cause this app jus crashed out of nowhere	bug report
It's a good app. Does what it says on the packet.	irrelevant information
I like discord new layout mobile, but I don't like new icons and it's kind of slow. Would be better if we had a old layout option. Or, optimize the new layout again. They should've be careful.	feature request
I Cant recieve picture messages :( sometimes it freezes up too!  Plz fix it asap!	bug report
I use to like this app but it seems like for me if I enter a thread it always crashes my discord and if I open it it crashes again I have to reinstall the app to fix the problem	bug report
The app works sometimes but the most annoying thing is it will take a screen shot on its own and freeze up at random as well. Also it won't actually connect a call sometimes it will call on there end and never ring on mine but will show missed call 10 min later.	bug report
Great app Great functionalities Is a bit too thorny on backups and data(privacy wise) but that's the whole point if you care about your data.	irrelevant information
It isn't working	bug report
As time goes the UI gets more and more weird and userunfriendly. The message recording is a complete timewaster	feature request
Because we are in multiple groups,  sometimes we post to the wrong group. Why can't we delete?	feature request
On 70Mbs WiFi, recipient on full bars 4G+ and for weeks, we keep getting "Poor connection" which results in hanging up in frustration because of poor quality audio.	bug report
Good enough😊	irrelevant information
Ruined the ui of what was once the best social app.	feature request
Doesn't work at all, "try again later" is all it says	bug report
Two things right away that are immensely frustrating. First, I continue to receive notifications in my text feed from the app even after I turn off all notifications. Sorry not sorry but I couldn't possibly care less about short codes so stop harassing me about them. Second, my sent photos don't show up in my conversations at all. I have no way of knowing that they sent. Small glitches I can work around but I get about 5 messages from the app daily. I paid for this month and then I'm out.	bug report
I like this app and have been using it for a couple of years. Now I'm not getting my work assignments (only). I reaved out to the developers. No response. This is affecting my work. I need a solution. But no response from the developers. If you can afford to lose work try this app!	bug report
You can't send messages and I need to send my messages multiple times. Now it's asking for my birthday for no reason. I am removing this app.	bug report
Well I tried logging in and it said reset password it's bugging and it was fine earlier but now it's bugging so.	bug report
Lost many accounts with 2fa lost backups so support cannot help me 2 stars only	bug report
Absolutely HATE the new redesign. Nothing is where it should be and it takes me FOREVER to find what I'm looking for. Close to unusable. -100000000/10	feature request
its free	irrelevant information
Addicted	irrelevant information
Battery drainer	irrelevant information
thank you	irrelevant information
this new update made it so ugly and annoying its unbelievable. a tech company should know the importance or UI/UX. i should have to open things to open things to find what im looking for. plus all media is low res, i cant change my profile images without something going wrong or the app crashing, everything is inconvenient, and the random font issues and differences trigger my severe dyslexia. already looking for new places for my friends and i to host our server	bug report
Great on PC. A buggy mess on mobile	bug report
It works great to get intouch with co workers, and get the same information out to everyone.	irrelevant information
I always get random phone calls. And there are adds at the bottom that are annoying and cant getbrid of them	bug report
I would give it 5 stars, but cannot find a way to delete old messages.	feature request
Every time I'm opening it from the phone, it turns the status to online. Even after I closed the app, it's still saying I'm online, which confuses other people a lot. Even after I'm turning the status back to invisible, it turns to online by itself again, once I opened the app..	bug report
I Hate the new UI please go back to the old one	feature request
You can send only one picture/video at a time. I find that inconvinient. The fact that users were able to send a bunch of pics at once some rime ago makes things worse.	feature request
It won't let me pick speaker	bug report
I can't even send an image without the gallery crashing the app, or the image taking so long to upload I give up on it. Chats take forever to load, and the new UI clearly was made to look similar to other apps, whilst not considering if that's what should be done. It's so unintuitive now, cause discord isn't a generic messaging app, and the person who decided to redesign it to look as such should think about why people loved discord. Hint: cause it's not like all the other ones.	bug report
Allows my son to get help from his teacher during the pandemic.	irrelevant information
I would like the option of deleting chat threads instead of just hiding them from view. I would also like the option in my settings to hide everytime I change my avatar or the group name or whatever without it being broadcast to everyone in the group.	feature request
Best taking app and i really enjoyed so much to talk rendom peopl	irrelevant information
I think the hickers have a better chance to get in to your business	irrelevant information
Unusable, servers won't load/are greyed out. New Discord update puts contacts on top, no usernames- No thank you. Access to server list on the side bar is very glitchy- Won't even load the graphics of individual servers. Gifs are merging with shared videos. I can't side scroll to emojis. It is not user friendly. It's a pain navigating, why do you want to re-invent the wheel? it was already fine. Now it's broken.	bug report
It works okay for texting. Phone calls not so much. Perhaps it's my wifi connection but it's always cutting in and out. Also it has the tendency to drop calls. I see there is an update. I didn't download it due to someone saying it is full of ads making it basically impossible to use phone calls. I will take their word for it.	bug report
Didn't ask for cortana in my contacg list don't want cortana in my contact list can't remove it ..... bad.... MS back at its bad habits again	bug report
Instead	feature request
Interface complicated and confusing	bug report
I got scammed on this app I'll never use it again	bug report
Good video and voice Easy to use	irrelevant information
Today my account was hacked I hoped u look into it i change my pswd hope u advance ur security measurements in future	bug report
This review will go back up to five stars when they get rid of the telephone number, requirement and offer scheduled texting.	feature request
Bs app makes u want to buy the next better app	irrelevant information
yupp work fine	irrelevant information
Its reasonable...	irrelevant information
Yes I enjoy using this app it is a wonderful it is the best app on here and I recommended per anybody wants to	irrelevant information
Everytime I buy 5 bucks credit i have to wait 12 hours for the amount to be reflected on account. How about Billy stops pretending to be pandemic Oracle of Truth Daddy and starts fixing this outdated junk.	bug report
Helpful for when you can't pay your phone bill	irrelevant information
Great app , easy to use , when using the text messaging I have never had a problem sending or receiving messages at all, I just seem to have problems all the time when trying to use the phone when I try calling or trying to receive a phone. They never can hear me or I can't hear them . The phone calls are always going in & out	bug report
Although discord allows me to talk to friends online and is what i use to talk to them more than any other social media, discord has multiple problems regarding the mobile version. 1: Some channels, when opened will close discord for no reason at all 2: during vc (online calling) sometimes it wont connect to the person you are calling even though the internet is perfectly fine. Discord is meh but it could be good	bug report
The newest ui change is probably the worst thing I've ever dealt with.	feature request
It's a great app and easy to use but you need to work in some aspects	feature request
Once new message has been received, it's will hang, I'm totally collapsed. otherwise it's best for audio and video calling and chatting too.it's most usefull app for working sectors.	bug report
never works on any device i own but always wants moneu or a 5 star rating	bug report
Its one of the BEST calling apps ever!!	irrelevant information
After having used a legacy version of Discord for a while, I accidentally updated the app. And, well, I wish I had saved an APK because that update made the app so much worse for my brick of a phone. Laggier menus, no pop-up when replying and frequent loading errors have undeniably worsened the app. And I am reminded of how weird the new font looks. My experience with Discord on-the-go has been effed up.	feature request
why did i get banned form it for loging in?! Edit: sorry	bug report
You people flag me because I text GOD'S WORDS to others. So now you don't let me text. It is a fearful things to fall in the HANDS OF YAHWEH...	irrelevant information
GroupMe is a good app that allows exchange between platforms. A few quirks, but overall good app. Wish there was a way to delete a message that was sent in error... instead of just hiding it.	feature request
sometimes it will hang up randomly. But overall, it's a pretty good little	bug report
Some conversations disappeared and my app keeps crashing	bug report
Ever since I got a textnow number my phone acted like it was hacked.	bug report
I pay a monthly price and I still get ads. The ads make it hard to make and receive calls because they stop both actions. The calls sound bad most of the time and i have A LOT of missed calls. The solution fot the missed calls make no sense because it's just an article.	bug report
I'm 14 I pressed on 2004 instead of 2003, how do I write 2003 beacuse when	irrelevant information
Dropped sms support without telling us when! Have I missed work texts? I tried to authorize a website and the texts never came. Had to use email. Edit: The texts came 15 and 25 minutes later! What is going on!!!	bug report
Very pleased!	irrelevant information
Ok. Just funny you spelled "typo" wrong though 🤣	irrelevant information
My number wont change and it wont allow me to accept the groupme. I get the invite but can get in. Now that I am in my name appears as my phone number. smh. My notifcations dont work. So I never know whats going on. I have changed the settings and the notification still does not pop up.	bug report
Like ,pst free apps it has it's fair share of commercials. But, I am glad i discovered while looking for work. Now all the spam and phishing goes to that number.	irrelevant information
Are we moving this app into the arena of piracy tool software? Why would I need the ability to compress and send Dolby Vision videos!?	feature request
Excellent, great way to be involved with a community either for gaming online or other interests	irrelevant information
I can't make my id+I'm not able to give dob	bug report
Is exceptional	irrelevant information
I really do love the text free but I can't login with Google on the app with my Android phone so sad about can you please fix that as soon as possible please will be very glad about that thanks	bug report
It's good but slow	bug report
Good communication tool for a specific group of people.	irrelevant information
It's a good place to chat and exchange pictures	irrelevant information
The new version doesn't support multiwindow mode and I have trouble during sending messages.	bug report
it always has trouble connecting to the Wi-Fi	bug report
it's free and good to use	irrelevant information
Okay the app download it finally. But this is one of the most glitches apps. Is all these cartoons and Gifs and stupid ads not related to my liking ads just destroyed the whole app. The calls like when you're in a call and then you try to hang up. It stays connected. Or you trying to dial a call? It's dialing forever before it even connect.	bug report
Never used it before though, but i heard a lot about it	irrelevant information
So good so far for having the app.	irrelevant information
Pictures are not working!	bug report
please bring back the old UI	feature request
REVERT THE NEW UPDATE	bug report
Can't check my voicemail. And calls keep dropping	bug report
Genshin could never	irrelevant information
Good app. I'd rather have it just notify me w a message and No name..	irrelevant information
Going from 2 stars to 1 star, since it seems yall are enforcing the horrible UI update even though everyone has asked to opt out of it. The reviews on here are telling. Ah well, just adding this app to the list of "apps I'll install previous versions of and then never update again." For real, get it together.	feature request
Very silly and disturbing	irrelevant information
When I'm using it and I can't get back to the app because ads freeze!!!! Grr	bug report
3 stars because it uses Bing to search images/gifs/videos within the app.	irrelevant information
The new update is so bad, the search function is extremely tedious	bug report
I had to delete my account as I didn't even understand it	irrelevant information
alot of scammers use this site . you think scammers can be permanently blocked they know who they are at least give them a warning	irrelevant information
Does not disturb mode is completely ignored by calls in this app, annoying No matter what I set in my status, it always goes to online, horrible app Also, every single time I open the app it goes to Online, even though I manually set it to Offline	bug report
Customer service agent I always do get the ones that actualy seems like they want it to get the maintenance guy to repairit for me!¡	irrelevant information
In Pakistan, if you make partnership with sim networks for cheap packages like whatsapp. I can say that your app growth will boost	irrelevant information
Paid for subscription to lock in number. But app made me choose a new number after each attempt to send text. After the 4th new number gave up, uninstall. What a waste of time and money.	bug report
Textfree is great for keeping private! You can earn minutes watching short videos or you can pay 4.99 for unlimited, super affordable!!!	irrelevant information
Hard to make call and Ring	bug report
Cash	irrelevant information
When I call someone they can't hear me 👎👎	bug report
Sorry to be "that guy" (I know a bunch of people will roll their eyes) but you've been getting loads of ad revenue from the United States Border Patrol, and I frankly don't agree with the ICE ads. I'll be dumping this service for another that doesn't collect revenue from and promotes ICE.	irrelevant information
Wasn't the right app for me and now I can't unsubscribe to thier emails	irrelevant information
It's cool, phone could be better. Free mins would be the way to go as well;)	irrelevant information
No longer useful to me without SMS support. Uninstalled.	feature request
Wast of time you have to buy minutes	irrelevant information
How do I see if the recipients read my messages because some recipients showed read but others didn't show.. Please help. Thank you.	feature request
New update makes discord mobile near unusable.	bug report
The new layout is honestly just bad please at least add an option where we can go back to the old one if we don't like this one	feature request
Very bad app always glitch don't download this app	bug report
Crappy	irrelevant information
I don't get it, everything was fine before. Now I have to go to general channel then hit arrow to see who is online. Not hard, but exausting to use bring back the old discoed, unnecessary "improvements"	bug report
Good idea. But dont like the fact u choose a massive group u get a text for each person. U should only receive one message notifying u r part of groupme group. Allowing u to send a welcome message.	feature request
New UI Design is the worst thing they have ever made	feature request
Sucked	irrelevant information
Helps me keep in touch & laugh with family, friends, and staff.	irrelevant information
Doesn't let me make a call.	bug report
if it was free u wouldn't be lieing	irrelevant information
First of all the TOS why would it be 13+ I mean it didn't ask my age when signing in	irrelevant information
This app is not it anymore, the bugs and lag are just absolutely astounding now, I hate using the mobile app since the change...	bug report
It wont let me see my inbox. This is important to me, please reply and help.	bug report
Backup does not work for this version, copy of chats from other phone also	bug report
I have tap up my account more than 30 days ago they didn't charge my account they said I should have purchased directly from skype or Microsoft. So I requested my refund from Google play they refused to refund it. Now I don't have the money in skype and they don't refund my question is where is my money then!	bug report
Dev team took the wrong road by removing sms. They could have warned and provided tips to help people in their security. Instead taking sms away fully is unfortunately making it very difficult to manage multiple apps. Signal will have to be gone for me. I'll be back if they bring back an all in one package.	feature request
It won't let me get free minutes and I don't know why can someone tell me why it is doing this I watch the video and downloaded stuff and it still won't give me my minute's	bug report
Trash. Completely freezes your phone. Just ads and bs	bug report
I have not been receiving direct message notifications even though notification is turned on.	bug report
Cannot receive phone calls on this app. Very annoying. It does go to voicemail, but only if I have the app open. Otherwise I miss the call completely.	bug report
sexbot spam messages i will be deleting this soon due to this. i escaped kik for that reason now you lost me	irrelevant information
The ads need to be smaller icons	feature request
I really want to give it a 0 star but i cant. It's been 1 year and skype hasn't fixed the video calling quality. It would randomly end the call, say my wifi or my other friend's wifi is bad but it's full bars. It randomly mutes me too! I don't get why you have to be like this. Please skype change it. It's been prob more than a year!	bug report
Very simple to use and it's one of the ceat chatting app I have used.	irrelevant information
Am using Skype since 1999 via desktop then Nokia and finally via android I	irrelevant information
Good app, but, whenever I or others send images or videos i have to click on it to see it. For videos, i have to download them to view them. I just want to be able to see images or videos without having to download them first	feature request
I think people (including me) might not like the new update.Thoughts?	feature request
real privacy doesn't exist anymore. The development/responsible persons know exactly what I'm talking about...	irrelevant information
Some problems still always exist like being unable to end a call after you initiate it, echoing in some calls, with a perfectly strong signal you still can't make a solid call or even send a text,  watching videos or doing the tasks to get minutes doesn't always load them, if your call is only for 1 second you lose a full minute, the app is sometimes down for no apparent reason; these are the problems that always existed with this app over the years yet to be fixed, but 3/5 b/c it's the best app of its kind	bug report
This app is not working in proper way	bug report
I know nothing is really perfect, but this application is so cool 😎❤	irrelevant information
Bro Idk why this update It's not too good ngl Whenever I open a dm it takes me 10 messages back that's so annoying	bug report
it wont let me redownload to get in other groups	bug report
Message notifications come in almost 40 minutes AFTER they were delivered. This app has started a fast downhill on its ability to function, starting with removal of SMS and their "stories" nobody asked for	bug report
What is with this verification thing, i can't get to my account cause it. I want to change my email because there was a typo and I doesn't let me . Fix it now!!!	bug report
Bad echo. Static dropped calls. Texting is good. Calls are not.	bug report
Its useful but not something I'd make my primary use for messages !!! Needs some work !!!	irrelevant information
Simply an excellent application but we may need more stickers	feature request
Idk if something changed? But I am just innundated with SPAM!! & can't SPAM those text unless I OPEN IT? Why?Now after I gave this # out ALL THIS SPAM CAME!! Why can't I mark as SPAM UNTIL AFTER I OPEN THE TEXT? SO DANGEROUS!! Tho I "love" how I can "Log out of all other devices" INGENIUS! GEEZ GOOGLE NEEDS THAT! But if you're gonna do it, DO IT ALL THE WAY!! NOT 1/2 AZZ. Fixing the SPAM button would raise my opinion, my star!! & MY SECURITY!!	feature request
Worst thing I have used in my life hope u die	irrelevant information
No matter how hard I've tried it eint give me notifications and nothing is muted.	bug report
It's ok for being free	irrelevant information
it use to work fine but now its not letting me call anyone no matter how many times i reload it and undownload it and download it again, every time i press the call button it doesn't work, can u fix this please	bug report
The worst app ever I'm always being hung up on bcuz the person on the other line cant hear me I only gave it 1 star cuz I cudnt give it none	bug report
no good for anything really Just to use as a second phone number for 1 or 2 phone calls a month, maybe. UPDATE TO RESPONSE service stinks cant hear most calls and miss multiple PHONE calls not a good app, UPDATE TO DEVELOPERS just read what I said	bug report
You guys distroyed the new interface. This one particular chang was simply unnecessary. It literally gives 'viber or imo' vibes. On top of that the new update made DC to laggy. Please, cnange the the interface like it was before.	feature request
Thank you for sorting the inconsistency of Notifications. However it seems you can no longer unmute from anywhere except the call screen, not even from the Notification Tray. I am on a OnePlus 7Pro	bug report
I once loved this app. However, I'm guessing a recent update created a bug in my app. So, it causes the Share function on every other app to crash.	bug report
New phone layout awful other than that good messaging app to chat to friends on	feature request
Good for voice call	irrelevant information
Comparatively good	irrelevant information
I can't send text international anymore.. fix it	bug report
Works good. I had to be specifically invited because it couldn't find our group...?	irrelevant information
It's ok for me because it says you have to buy stuff in order to do stuff and it says that if you want extra time on the call you have to pay for that and then it doesn't really work as calling	bug report
Doesn't let me call or receive calls I don't recommend this app	bug report
It's never show online why?	bug report
Looks better.  But takes too long to refresh.	bug report
Works fine, well laid out for mobile. However be weary my fellow foldable phone fans. The app really does not like resizing. On my Fold 5, if I use it on my cover screen and open the phone to th wider display, the aspect ratio will still match the cover displays ratio and will only take up one half of the main screen. A force close and reopen will be required to get the app to change. This also happens inversely. Going from main to cover screen will keep the aspect ratio and make it too wide.	bug report
edit : nvm its ok but not as good because i wanna verify my phone on cash app and i cant because its wanting me to buy something	bug report
PLAYAH K ON THA TRAZCK THUGZ ENTERTAINMENT	irrelevant information
Ive had discord since 2017. In the 6 years Ive had this app nothing has disappointed me like the recent changes. Problems I had aren't fixed. This app a is major part of my life, and Im genuinely afraid for the future of this app and the company. The only thing stopping me from writing more is the character limit. Discord, please keep in mind there are people using your app. Don't make us resort to Skype. App works fine. But I know it could be be better. Don't make unnecessary changes, please.	feature request
Best messaging application ever	irrelevant information
Their no FaceTime	irrelevant information
Good app. On very large groups sometimes messages don't come in.... Missing out on other members posts. Overall I'm enjoying the app	bug report
Don't trip potato chip!! Not sure if it's my tablet or TextNow but sometimes I think my TextNow App is being tampered with. So using TextNow is a coin toss. Service can be great or service can be a two star service. My advise is when you allow TextNow affiliates to manage your service like texting and phone calls, know they might not be as experienced in management as you think. Be careful but not perinoid. Listening to someone else calls isn't violating privacy if given permission to do so.	irrelevant information
Really cool app. Though ever since the mobile update, it gave me more bugs and what not and whenever I call with my friends and exit out of the app, it disconnects me and it's really weird	bug report
thanks for removing the feature to search through forum posts 👍🏽	irrelevant information
It does what I need it to do	irrelevant information
I stopped being a Beta Tester, backed up my chats on my phone but have now lost everything. I still have everything on my laptop version but cannot restore anything on my phone. Help!	bug report
It works good but need more sound notifications and you need calling	feature request
Eh it's okay, way too many ads all the time. My calls sometimes don't work correctly. Late notifications for text messages.	bug report
Cut me off from my group chat after being on for only 1 week? No explanation given.	bug report
This app is still good and has been good for a long time, but the recent update has given it a bug that causes the app to freeze while still simultaneously running in the background. I always have to close the app and reopen it to unfreeze it and it gets on my nerves	bug report
It's a great app. Great and privacy.	irrelevant information
I like this app It is free but it has a little problems!	irrelevant information
This app is great but somethings need to change. The new theme update is really nice, there's plenty of new themes that you can change from, however what gets me if that its just exclusively for nitro users (I'm one myself) and it bugs me? Like, I don't understand why another thing has to be just for nitro users again why can't it be for everyone, it's like the devs are trying to push people to buy nitro which in my eyes is not a good way to get more subscribers ur just going to loose people.	feature request
Braindead devs are removing sms support which is literally their selling point. Good luck lmao	bug report
There is a bug where if you mute someone's stream on the PC then go over to mobile and watch the stream you cannot hear the audio or unmute it on mobile.	bug report
Do'nt know	irrelevant information
Does not work with all phone contacts as advertised, only with contacts who also use Signal. Hope this helps.	bug report
I've had to unistall and reinstall about 5 times in the past month bc when my messages don't send for whatever reason, the "Hide Message" option doesn't work. So I have to look at a failed message or messages everytime I'm in that chat. It sucks! Just started happening too. Please fix!!!	bug report
It does not work my laptop. It will not let me sign in. My friend told me about discord for games.I unstall it. Because after I sign up I could not sign in.	bug report
Well, I take back the positive 5 star . This app used to let me send photo and video. Not anymore. "Message not sent please try again " is what it indicates when I try to send a pic or video. And no the file is not large so that is not the problem. I've tried everything indicated to try and resolve the issue with no avail. TextNow customer service recommendations did not help at all. Calls and text without sending pics or video does work. That's why now I'm giving a one star rating .	bug report
It's good.	irrelevant information
Well the app is bugy when i use my Huawei free bads pro and join in call or chanel to discord my bads disable from my phone with no reason .. it started to happen 3 days before .	bug report
My 1st time w/Signal. I sent a message easily, But Successfully...??? I am not sure. I did not see a 'Sent' file (like Email) & did not see any 'Confirmation' after hitting winged icon next to the message. And, being pressed for time earlier, I was not about to search 5 or 10 minutes for a 'Sent' file. 3 Stars, giving it the benefit of the doubt.	bug report
Worse than previous version. many times I cannot hear or my voice cannot be heard clearly.	bug report
Seems good so far... I've never used any kind of messenger before but can this replace your text messenger app? Or can you only talk to people you added on Signal?	irrelevant information
9poo⁹⁹999 9th 990	irrelevant information
Not sure why but I missed important calls and messages once because I wasn't alerted.	bug report
Working well now. Hopefully it stays that way.	irrelevant information
Was my default messaging app. But now with the removal of SMS support I have no reason to keep using this. I have one contact who uses Signal, and I'm not keeping it just so I can keep using it for this one person when there are a hundred other apps I could use instead that more people I know use. Devs don't listen to their users.	feature request
Give us the option to revert back to the old discord ways, The new update sucks.	feature request
Groupme isn't allowing me to update my avatar photo, please fix	bug report
My only problem on new discord is when i search something in my server it doesnt show the full chat its getting cut and thats annoying i hope this will get fix asap thanks	bug report
even worse... now I cant log in... it just sits there like its waiting for me to hit log in after I put everything in... no loading no wrong username or password nothing... I've given up on this app 100% text now is waaaaaaaay better	bug report
Well this app can glitch and lag alot and I cannot seem to hear my texts when they come.	bug report
Sometimes video doesn't play it just lags And one more problem is that when I download any video from discord almost all of them except some get downloaded in format which can't be played by android I have to use vlc to play downloaded discord videos just fix it please	bug report
Great app, been using it for some time. There's going to be some new changes soon. Signal gonna no longer send messages outside of signal. I understand the point of it. Though when this is your main messenger and it's doesn't send work like so. Kinda useless. Im gonna have to stop using this app. Before this change 4/5. After this change 2/5 since it's pretty useless at that point.	feature request
Its should needs more improvement	feature request
That's not the signal app I'm looking I'm not looking for signal private	irrelevant information
Its not how you start the raise, it how you finish it.. Glory to God..	irrelevant information
This app was good but after 2. Days some technical problem came into app so please update your app	bug report
My batteries are literally depleting faster than it is being charged. Would be a good app if it wasnt so power consuming on battery life	bug report
This app is terrible I can't hardly hear calls I get voicemails I can't hear what is the point if you can't hear any of the calls ridiculous	bug report
Looks Better than Wha app	irrelevant information
Hello 👋 As a long time user, I love the app and recommend it to all when given the chance. However over the past week, I have noticed a change In receiving my message notification. With my app open or closed, while still signed in. Iam not getting any notice that a message was received. Going to try and install again. Just a heads up that this may be a issue. Happy Holidays.	bug report
I want to know how to use the chat for like in muder mystery	irrelevant information
I do like it i just got a big phone so i was very happy any way i think its ok	irrelevant information
Dropping support for SMS is an own goal that will significantly cut into Signal's user base. I have loved Signal for years and recommended it to many people, but will be using and recommending it a lot less now. Most people care about security but not at the expense of having to use two separate messaging apps. There are significant security costs associated with having SMS on the platform, but appealing to security purists at the cost of usability for most users isn't the wise move.	feature request
The new update where you can't slide left to see the people whos active in the server shouldn't have been made. Swiping left to repy to messages isn't helpful or easy to use for regular mobile discord users. Feels too much like this app is trying to replicate the feeling of other social media platforms but you're fixing something that isn't broken. App is good and ive used it since 2018 so ive seen every update	feature request
Please fix the calling	bug report
Discord undo your new update, it changed my phone to make dms there own section like "notifications" and "you" instead of with the servers and it's activily making me feel sick	feature request
i like this app because this app give me good service.	irrelevant information
Need a lot of improvement to match the standard of what's app	feature request
Very good but it doesn't release many numbers	irrelevant information
It's kinda hard to use	irrelevant information
Constantly crashes and becomes unresponsive	bug report
Works well for our small group!	irrelevant information
No longer available for my phone; will not uninstall, update, nor reinstall. Installed on my tablet; corrupted my android.process.acore. Not angry; frustrated. Help me, programmers.	bug report
Its downloading is to much late	bug report
Calling is broke I can't hang up with my mom (I'm still on the phone!) And the call keeps trying to reconnect and I can't stop it!	bug report
me to call other countries' landlines and mobile phones.	irrelevant information
It cant let me change my username	bug report
As i need to describe . I really appreciate it why? This is security concerns matter . This community build the trust for the user . Yes i can share my private things auch as passport docs over signal . If you love privacy then, this us exactly the app for you	feature request
says it works for calls, but really i have never gotten a decent xonnection. otherr party can not hear me talk	bug report
Update : The app is a hot mess, id avoid it asap. No SMS support, useless features.	feature request
Lousy! Doesn't do internationally and isn't free!!. Avoid	bug report
I used to LOVE signal. Put all my messages in one place, encrypted and non-encrypted. But now they have just changed the program and it only allows you to send messages that are encrypted. When I get an unencrypted message now it has to go to My Messenger which totally s u c k s. This update is absolutely retarded and I am going to cancel my subscription to paying you a donation every month for making this stupid update. Program is now virtually worthless!	bug report
NEED BETTER SERVICE QUALITY DURING CALLS...NEED BETTER SERVIVE FOR TEXT MESSAGES....APP NEEDS ALOT OF INMPROVEMENT ON SPEED TOO	bug report
Why are you sending unwanted apps	irrelevant information
Downloaded..paid a year membership for no adds...Adds still there restarted, rebooted, nothing. Can't contact a person ..besides that setback it seems to be doing what it said it did ..I'll have to take more time when I'm it so busy ready the ads...so infomative🙄	bug report
on my service signal rather than wifi.	feature request
People can't hear me when I call or they call me	bug report
It's a good ànd nice interesting application	irrelevant information
Because sometimes it's perfect and then other times it's like s***💯💯💯💯💯👑💯💯💯👌 other than that I use your service a lot thank you to the company and the employees text now !!!!! 💯	irrelevant information
I am disappointed with the app right now to be honest, I'm used to the UI but it ruins some stuff like being able to check for messages regardless of channel, instead I now have to individually check channels and then search, and even then it sometimes doesn't work properly.	feature request
I'm in the woody area and have poor connection trying to conversate about a job, infant, family and business I'm frustrated and my wife recently passed!🤔 Please help me	irrelevant information
I tried logging into one of my accs but it isn't letting me can u fix the bug pls?	bug report
Dropping SMS pretty much makes the app pointless. Pretty disappointing. Will be uninstalling in April.	bug report
Nice app! Keep connecting with family, friends and working.	irrelevant information
This app used to be a really nice UI where i could keep in contact with friends at a moments notice. Now its become clunky and hard to work with. Please revert the change.	feature request
Another way to have group discussions separate	feature request
I don't have too many problems, but I can't change my text size on mobile. It's really weird now, because it's stuck at a larger size than the original text size. Anyone know how to fix that?	feature request
They are ruining the experience with endless pop-up messages. Everytime I open the app I get a pop-up notification about some new feature that nobody is interested in (including the irritating pop-up to leave a review here which developers love to annoy us with). It's an unnecessary hassle to constantly click to close pop-ups when I just want to quickly see the new messages in a channel I have open. Now I'm anxious to open the app and have stopped using it on most days.	bug report
The best telecommunications app. Better than WhatsApp messenger especially in terms of privacy and security	irrelevant information
As of today I have had many random people message me that don't even know me,  thinking that they are talking to someone else.  So my phone has been making noise none stop.  Really annoyed at this point	bug report
The new ui is ugly	feature request
At first I really liked this app and the new update on mobile, but there's a lot of bugs now that just make it difficult and annoying to use? For example, when I send a message, half of the time, the message stays in my text box and I have to delete it every single time I send a message. I thought this was a bug fixing update, but I had no major bugs before it updated.	bug report
I was very happy and used this as a communication tool with coworkers until this most recent update. Anyone with an Android phone is suffering severe battery loss. No one changed their settings, it was only agreed the update. I will change my reading after fixed.	bug report
This app has multiple issues. The biggest is not receiving notifications including phone calls. I have to manually open the app and leave running in the foreground to view any notifications or inbound phone calls. I've tried to clear cache, delete, reinstall, check all options to receive notifications. Not sure what else to do. Please fix	bug report
Easiest app to use when you're down on your luck. Call drops are normal if your connection is garbage but other than that...it's acceptable.	irrelevant information
clear video and easy to access contacts	irrelevant information
I use discord a lot only sometimes it just keeps stuck on loading and i need to restart the app, when i try to open discord it keeps stuck on a channel and that channel somehow lets discord not work, it's getting a bit annoying.	bug report
I like the app but learning how to use it.	irrelevant information
It would be nice to save the number It's doesn't erase phone number	feature request
Calls to app won't ring unless app is open. Subscribed to lock number since 3/22 until 3/23 number lost. Emailed dev with no reply since 6/22. Paid for Sim kit but it won't activate. Tried 2 different compatible phones but sim won't and don't work! Also no response from dev for refund of inconvenience and not working for half a year! 🤔😪	bug report
Not bad but since last update there is 1 new message standing over icon and	bug report
I cannot begin to tell you how much I love this app. I work for the US from all over the world. It allows me to communicate with any phone number in the US while overseas....for free! And I continue to use it when I'm back in America. I will never EVER uninstall it from my phone. That says it all!!!	irrelevant information
Remove one star, and will put it back later because since the new update, there is too much bug :/	bug report
Very Nice app . I like this too much	irrelevant information
Can SCAMMERS ABD HACKERS ALLOWED TO TAKE ANOTHERS PERSONNEL ACCOUNT ONCE THEY OPEN IT YES OR NO?	irrelevant information
Is good all but is like u can talk to strangers is a bad soo is a 3 stars	irrelevant information
Would work better if you can actually make a outgoing call other than that texting is pretty great	feature request
You give people to option to cheat and be deciving. You ruin relationships. You should be ashamed of yourself. GFURS!	irrelevant information
There's no option for a virtual backgrounds. (Android)	feature request
Pretty happy with it! Sometimes have dropped calls but other than that it works good!	bug report
I can't sign up this app	bug report
I can't login because the capcha isn't working. Been using discord for quite some time I assure you I'm human :< Please make it so I can login without trouble again	bug report
Good sound today	irrelevant information
I have subscription for many years. Unfortunately by Skype side it was canceled. Because my payment did not go through (first time since I have this subscription). And exactly that time it was review of our agreement. So my subscription was automatically canceled. But was nothing wrong with my payment, and I think Skype want to get more money, because I contacted with customer service and they offered to get new subscription. But I need my subscription back.	bug report
why sometimes can't open apps	bug report
Best among all other apps	irrelevant information
Ads pop up while typing in phone numbers. Phone calls are useless sense the other person can't hear you	bug report
Decent could do better	irrelevant information
Not working at all	bug report
Highky roccomended. Indeed will find you a job.	irrelevant information
PLEASE STOP MAKING SUCH DRASTIC CHANGES TO THE APP. WHY DO YOU KEEP MAKING BAD CHOICES. This app is so unusable now	feature request
Not the best	irrelevant information
I love it but my cell is hacked so i cant recieve calls all of them or all of my texts itber then that i love it	bug report
Skype is my favourite app.	irrelevant information
It was more like a 3.5 rating. It could be more user friendly.	feature request
I've been added to a group and I can't see the group	bug report
the new update ruined a lot of the app. well as in the most commonly used parts of the app. it has trouble SWIPING for either the servers + dms list or the people in a gc/server. it takes me well over 10+ swipes for it to work, and while doing so it glitches and the background of my profile will appear. they also made it so the list of servers and stuff are default dark mode when you have amoled enabled.	bug report
Issue persists with lagging messages and the sent button would not appear Update: Suggestions had been applied using the link provided. Issue still remains	bug report
for about 2 weeks or so we are not able to upload image/video on any channel I've updated Discord 2 times, is there still a chance you want to fix this!!!	bug report
Good to chat with friends	irrelevant information
App is extremely slow to connect and send messages. But it works	bug report
This app has helped me, when I've been in a pickle!	irrelevant information
Positive in everyday use	irrelevant information
To many ads' and freezes up a lot	bug report
When someone sends u a pic you can't see it	bug report
Im tired of the constant updating	irrelevant information
Decent, but you CANNOT receive verification codes on it without paying for it.	bug report
Hello brain, I appreciate your work and sympathy to all the people I hope in future that what'spp get banned	irrelevant information
Use to love it, but the new update made it annoying	feature request
please change the ui back or give an option for that, literally everyone hates the update	feature request
Update broke my Discord. My DMs are gone from the top, but there is no message or server navigation buttons at the bottom. Instead I still have the old icons. If I'm DM'd there is no way to get to the messages. What was wrong with the Old layout?	bug report
Skype is a useful app, but not very user friendly regarding navigation around it!	irrelevant information
a more on the rating great phone app	irrelevant information
Too difficult to sign up	feature request
I Enjoy this app it still keeps me connected	irrelevant information
The ads are a lie and shouldn't pay to get receive verifications for apps	bug report
discord is one such The thing was until its new update came, this new update interface is very rotten, we have gone to the option to talk to friends, where we could talk to friends in that option, now we have to go to the notification to talk, this option is a lot of torture. With us I think uninstall the score. But then it's kind of a good thing because I'm a gamer and I like talking to my friends and playing games so I use discord otherwise I wouldn't even use discord this thing is very true	feature request
If you been texting a certain number a lot, they will force you to pay subscription to see the messages. You can text other numbers, but you need 9.99 for this one message to open. Very annoying and greedy.	bug report
It's been working amazing I didn't tell your guys's latest updates and now I can't answer my calls it always shows somebody calling me when there's nobody calling and it's just been messing up	bug report
Can you somehow fix that pics dont want to send!? It's super annoying! Switched from Apple to Android & my Apple didn't do this!	bug report
Used to be the best free text app...now forced full screen ads just like the rest . Thumbs down	bug report
As an android user, I constantly need to restart the app or messages fail to send. This happens multiple times a day. If not for that, I'd rate this app highly, but it's pretty annoying.	bug report
I'm sorry but this new layout really sucks and feels so weird to use and it's so ugly. Is there a way to put it back?	feature request
Video can't  send...other than that ...good. still same problem 2 years later	bug report
Its come recommended from the right sources. Enough said	irrelevant information
gotten pretty buggy on mobile as of late	bug report
There's NO CALL LOG, that's actually annoying.	bug report
fix auto scrolling in Android 13, it's annoying asf	feature request
They locked me out for unknown reasons, basically no email , no warning , glad I never subscribed to this mee and I'm glad I have a true phone number on hand cause this was just awful service	bug report
Used to be the useful goto for all texts. Now that they are dropping SMS one had to use 2 different apps.	feature request
So slow of loading.	bug report
For now I am ok with this app, I have 3 kinks that I can resolve, 1- At times my calls are lost, 2- takes a little while to unlock the passcode, and 3- most voice mails can't be heard.	bug report
Overall pretty satisfied. A couple qualms and hopefully constructive criticisms: at times I do not receive sent text messages, namely from numbers/contacts that require me to receive a code via phone so that I can input for verification purposes; ie online banking login. Also, I do not receive sent shared locations from contacts; I can receive shared photos (albeit somewhat blurry) and YouTube links that open as supposed to but when friends send their location I do not receive. Thank you very much and hope you take what I have written into consideration.	feature request
It's great to send messages from	feature request
As always this app has good functions, but when i leave and reopen discord i cants see the voice channels	bug report
Trashhhhhh. Used to be pretty good, at least 4 stars. Now it constantly kicks me out of my most active chat. Change my nickname, refresh, uninstall repeatedly so I can participate in a chat with my friends. I gave up.	bug report
Awfully simple interface. Just another WhatsApp but secure! unfortunately I can't use it because of super simplicity!! (Compared to Apps like Telegram)	feature request
Why text now is not showing me any mumber....something went wrong in my textnow app	bug report
Reliable and great connectivity	irrelevant information
Perfect of u dont have a phome nimber or sim card	irrelevant information
Too many errors this app sucks	bug report
great vanishing features	feature request
The ability to retain a User account set up years ago sems to have gone by the board after Microsoft got involved. Cannot get access to this account any more and all of a sudden have a new User ID. Very confusing as friends and acquaintances are calling via old ID and we are not getting calls. Please go back to systems and controls that existed before Microsoft got their hands on things !!!	bug report
Great app for keeping in touch with friends👍	irrelevant information
GARBAGE CRASHES INSTANTLY IF YOU TRY TO OPEN IT........The new update made AD banners WAY TOO BIG...... it's ridiculous. .. makes me want to give out my actual phone number instead of seeing like 3/4 of my screen cover in one ad	bug report
GroupMe used to be my favorite group messaging app but honestly if it wasn't for 1 group chat I'm on I'd get rid of it... the problems I have is it can be terribly slow to update, won't let me send videos longer than 30 seconds, and when a picture or video is sent across the group only about half the time I can actually view it in the groups gallery so often it give me a blank screen and I have to download it to my phones gallery to be able to view.	bug report
Cooll	irrelevant information
I created an account, got a number and then bought minutes, never received minutes. Also paid for a subscription but the app keeps resetting my number saying that number is inactive. Terrible service.	bug report
too complicated and clunky. moving to Duo	irrelevant information
There is not log out button	bug report
The app was gold in general. Doesnt eat all my RAM. The constant ads are a problem. Whenever I am texting someone, ads pop up and under the text bar.	feature request
Really bad sound quality.. lots of echoing and for some reason pressing numbers on the phone never seems to do anything. At least its free 🙂	bug report
they cover the page with ads no room to see your stuff.you get 3\4,m inch by 1inch to see thats it. i have an 8binch cell .ads ads ads ads ads ads ads it is terrible shows their greed . app works but what a headache to mess with	bug report
I cant make any phone calls wizh u can fix it	bug report
first time use	irrelevant information
I had to remove it because it more than doubled my phone's energy usage. Instead of my myTouch 4G making it through a day with battery to spare, it lasted just 5 hours. OK if you can stay plugged in. Otherwise, it's unacceptable.	bug report
I can't call out from anywhere but home. Which really sucks can't even call from McDonalds where there is absolute wifi, so if you depend on other means of transportation, don't expect to make a wifi call from anywhere but home. You will be stuck. Also, the voicemail service is non-existent. Sure it says I have voicemail, but it doesn't matter because I don't get to hear nor read the transcript of any of them. You're better off not having a recording for callers to leave you a message, you'll nev	bug report
It seems to work fine at a glance, but it shows a blank screen upon pressing "chat colours"?, this repeatedly happens & stops me from changing that setting, will update my review when fixed.	bug report
The audio quality when sending voice message is bad. Very bad. I was like "Who's that?" "Whose voice is that?"	bug report
Im having a problem with it constantly shutting off or messing up no matter my service.	bug report
I installed it, signed up for service, then got notified immediately that I violated their terms of service so my account is closed. The whole process probably took less than 2 minutes.	bug report
be like a 30 year old with a MySpace and be married to this app forever for	irrelevant information
No notification of calls or texts it's have a lot of bugs need to be fixed and you will get random calls if you don't use it in a week think you smarter than me please people read this app before downloading	bug report
Back button closes the app. Instead of taking to main window. Edit: for India users, you could raise more funds if you guys can include UPI mode of payment. All the best.	bug report
Pls let us hear our alarms while in call	feature request
I've been using text now for 6 years now! Love it! , but PLEASE GET RID OF THE ANNOYING ADS !!! frfr	feature request
I love discord, all of my friends are on it. The new update is hot trash though.	feature request
Veryyy pathetic !!!!!	irrelevant information
I do not get notifications when a message arrives	bug report
It worked then it won't and it's not just my phone so I mean it's good it won't work for m	bug report
Developer does not listen to its users about forced removal of features.	feature request
So sometimes I don't get my notifications like I should. Like I won't get any messages.	bug report
It's almost perfect second line.. frfr..	irrelevant information
The voice message is the reason why I installed the mobile app because this feature is not on the web version or on pc. Unfortunately it doesn't work as expected.	bug report
B I T E . M E	irrelevant information
works as a messenger. No ability to really organize chats. Overall becomes too disorganized.	feature request
When I don't have wifi or internet it doesent let me txt also I tryed free txt and pinger but it doesent let me either pls fix it and I will give a 5 :( sorry	bug report
Terrible experience from a newbie. Very non intuitive UI.	feature request
They logged me out and I paid for my number 2 times this month. Now i can't get my t number and they're wanting me to purchase another. This is B.S.!!! It was ok for the past year but now I'm getting ripped off	bug report
PLEASE fix the audio problem for streaming on android, it worked before the update that changed it to ios but no longer works.	bug report
There really needs to be a thread feature. Also when viewed on desktop, new	feature request
Great idea, but the app stopped notifying me of new messages. I do not see any notifications in my status bar or even the icon of the app indicating new messages. I checked all the settings and can confirm it is not muted.	bug report
Best privacy	irrelevant information
I can't see pfps of other people.	bug report
screensharing is entirely useless when the stream lags and pops in and out even on the best of connections.	bug report
Calls cut in and out regardless of how well it connects.	bug report
messages should be able to be deleted, otherwise its good	feature request
Very bad so slow	bug report
Works well for texting but phone calls not so much. Very spotty and hard for people to hear me. I only use this app for texting.	bug report
Don't use this app a lot	irrelevant information
I use this app every single day, and I've had it installed in my phone since forever. IT WILL NOT OPEN NOW. I updated it and it refuses to get past the loading screen!!!!! Completely broken :(	bug report
The overhaul of the mobile discord app has been an awful experience. Every bit of that has changed now sucks and it has become more painstaking to navigate.	feature request
keeps changing my status. also messages and call shows up late	bug report
Nice features, but lacks UI and notification consistency. Chat media store is among the worst, not loading all pictures and videos from a conversation and taking a long time when it does. You also cannot send voice recordings on the PC version. Audio/video quality is OK, but it does not take advantage of fast networks although HD calls have been promoted for a decade. Skype does not allow you to use it in split-screen mode with another app which is a big drawback for me.	feature request
only use it if I pay my bill late other wise it's useless. But I gave it a	feature request
It's real good, but should be able to edit your text even after it is posted..for spelling errors or other errors or mistakes..Thanks...and if need to be able to delete even the swipes and text messages, even the other person's..	feature request
Best update ever please don't let these negative reviews let you down these are just some kids with nothing else to do I love the update and all my friends too just please fix some glitches in it some time app gets slow and unstable and close but overall best update ever	feature request
Textnow is pure Excellence 10/10 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 👑🤩😁😃🤯🫡👍🏻 for 10 years + thank you textnow ** (one issue though, my sim card stopped working and can't find anything about that specifically.. ID APPRECIATE FOR YOU GUYS TO SHIP ME OUT A NEW SIM CARD ** IVE ALREADY PAID and don't think I should have to repurchase it.. same address as before I have no doubts I will be back texting now when it arrives thank you. Rod. Don't let me down I have been a long time textnow advocate and promot it all over 💯.	feature request
is it better than video chat	irrelevant information
I don't like when you direct message someone you can't delete it or remove it.	feature request
The best messaging app IMHO. It keeps getting better over time. The only change I wish is to decouple it with my phone number so I don't have to reveal it.	feature request
New updates kinda blow	feature request
Non stop updates available for the PC version. And now the mobile version pesters you every time it opens with a donation request. Also, there are all kinds of dropped call, not ringing, answered call but still ringing weird stuff happening with signal. If you think signal is private, just remember: Google allows it on the play store. That means it MUST have a back door for them or the feds to access. You're only getting the illusion of privacy. Big tech always has their probes up ur @$$.	bug report
The new ui is so annoying and so unfamiliar,please discord fix this to the old one if you want to make your app better	feature request
Generally I love signal. One big issue - Disappointed that it has trouble receiving/downloading messages from iPhones in group texts. They often just show up as errors and can't be downloaded. Not recommended for people that do a lot of group texting with iPhones.	bug report
This app is so dumb now. It used to be simple and easy to use and now it's barely useable	bug report
New changes to navigation and search are awful. Nobody asked for this.	feature request
Facing some login issue i am in uk so i cant able to talk in U.S numbers	bug report
Great Resourceful App👍👍	irrelevant information
After the latest update I can no longer receive notifications. Can you assist?	bug report
Text messages coming in are disappearing and I can't read them.	bug report
I have been using TextNow since it came around on the house PC. I loved it then and I still love it now. There are some things I would change but overall I love it..	irrelevant information
This app has not been working properly since I updated it two days ago. Update 07-16-2023 the app needs to be fixed. I use discord for PPN talk time. It is hard to get into talk time cause the push to talk button doesn't work. 01-20-2024 Your app has improved tremendously ! Thanks for taking care of the problems I had text you about. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐	bug report
I want to smash	irrelevant information
Saves me the bill money	irrelevant information
I like the ease of use. Also I and able to add a comment to a picture before I post. And I am able to edit my posts. Pm	feature request
Cant view some livestream	bug report
Get rid of the stupid two step verification bs and this app will be perfect	feature request
Doesn't transfer to new devices and unable to view messages in old device 🙄	bug report
I watch an ad and get no credit, I send a text it sends from random deactivated numbers and don't go through. Really?	bug report
Non intuitive interface. Desktop and Mobile version not always sync : ringing calls or new messages. Sometimes I'm not getting notifications of new messages at all in recent conversations if I lock the phone or switch to other app or just close Skype.	bug report
They make you pay. Greedy company deserves to fail	irrelevant information
I would make it 5 stars but you cannot receive verification codes without buying the unlimited option and sometimes for no reason you can get banned for like 24 hours because it says you "violated the terms of use" the calling quality is bad sometimes you cannot hear what the other person is saying and if you try to send a video it can't be too long fsr and that's really stupid.	bug report
Had this for about 5 months now and I opted in for the sim card. I even paid to have fast internet and was still good. So I was reduced to 2G which was fine as long I can still use my phone for work. So while using my phone saw a message but didn't get a chance to fully read it cause my phone stopped working all together. Wasn't until I connected to wifi and saw that I was suspended for using too much data Like what? No where did I read I'll be suspended for too much data not happy about this.	bug report
Not at all what i expected. Which was more like a Telegram or even Whatsapp alternative. What i see in Signal is merely a crude barbones messaging app for sending only text messages. No file sharing capabilities to speak of whatsoever which is precisely why i use and need Telegram. May very well be solid for sms and text but i already have a stock texting app which works perfectly fine. May keep it for end to end encrypted texting but that's it. Certainly not a telegram replacement.	irrelevant information
new update sucks	feature request
Is cool ig	irrelevant information
It's an OK app. Gets annoying when it keeps changing your number.	irrelevant information
Great chatting with everyone	irrelevant information
Awful ! It is not delivering me chat messages and if it does it delivers them 12 hours late !!!	bug report
Font size is either too small or too big. Impossible to adjust it properly.	bug report
Ads are annoying, texting doesn't send onetime even if i have a stable connection	bug report
My text aren't sending the the receiving end since a few days ago. I don't know what to do.	bug report
I've had issues with this app for 2 years. Don't know why. Pixel 5 never works. Messages don't send but I can recieve them fine	bug report
I don't like it because the calling isn't free anymore and it still says it's free.	bug report
I have loved this app until recent updates. The new widget is awful. It's larger in size and it does not always show my groups...just an empty box. Additionally, I started a new group today and was seeing everyone's messages TWICE.  Please fix these crazy things that weren't broken until the last couple of updates!	bug report
Works great besides the user interface being a bit wonky	bug report
Because they said on the theme that it has like, delete it all myself and have to delete it and download it back. So that's why I do not like it, and they really need to fix it. And I like multiple numbers and lake locked in number and for them. And I hate when it does that, because it's like so stupid, like, why did they even make that up like I just saved a moth, cool, do that. But yeah, that's how I feel about it.should be more like objects on instead of a house, that's just how I feel how is	bug report
they need to revamp the app for phone to phone optimization thats the reason some calls go silent where the other person can't hear you its the only problem I have to be honest my calls will just go dead you have to mute and unmute yourself to fix it if you didn't know	bug report
Fine until you stop me from getting verification code and thereby stopping me paying you brilliant greedy people could give a grace period	bug report
The app is great and all, but the option to record voice messages won't actually send said messages. I've tried everything, so I'm pretty sure it's the app itself. All in all, it's a great app and I use it all the time.	bug report
Need to stop freezing up	bug report
Unable to login on Moto Z Force DROID after last update	bug report
Threads are broken. Every time you go to view a thread, the app crashes. The quality of Discord has been on a downward spiral as of late, it used to never crash this much. Starting to consider other platforms at this rate.	bug report
love this ap its very convienent to have	irrelevant information
It's hard to do the log in part, so I deleted it. I'm going to find a different one instead. It's better to get the app messeges.	irrelevant information
Perfect messenger app for me Edit: Changes to prevent sms messages is a huge mistake and will make me stop using signal. A handful of friends and family use it, but absolutely will not if it requires a second messaging app. In an effort to make people adopt signal they are driving away any reasonable person who want privacy without the massive inconvenience of remembering who is on signal and who isn't and mesaaging everyone on the correct app.	feature request
Newest mobile update completely overhauled the app layout, and navigation has become very difficult. On top of that, every time I open the app, the screen is black for a full minute, with nothing loading in for the entirety of that minute. Many people in multiple servers I'm in also share the same dissatisfaction and irritation I do. For all intents and purposes, this update was a step backwards, and a very bad one. Please revert these changes, or at least change them to make navigation easier.	bug report
Nowadays signal is hang phone Whenever send more than one photo or videos, mobile start working slowly and then hang up This time screen become blank. Please check and update this problem	bug report
Excellent. Dookie on competitors.	irrelevant information
Day after day it becomes worse.	irrelevant information
Can you redesign the app to make Make it more mobile friendly.. happy new year 🎉 ✨️ 💛 🤗 💖 ☺️ 🎉.	irrelevant information
Hi I love the app but the backups are deal breaker we all want cloud base backups like telegram etc etc	feature request
So far it's ok, but posting videos as stories isn't cool because the video posted is in slow motion compared to the actual video	feature request
It is a decent app but I do not always receive notification when there are new messages to read and that is annoying.	bug report
New UI is absolutely awful. Features missing from the old version, input is laggy, and nothing is intuitive.	bug report
Why is it so difficult to find pricing. I need to make a one time phone call to the UK. Every Google search sends me to their bs monthly subscription. Awful service. Unfriendly UI. attached now to the awful Microsoft account. I think I will just use something else.	feature request
Give us username No phone number necessary Then it's 5 Stars ... removed sms support . Back to 1 star .	bug report
Phone does not ring with th new version	bug report
Not a fan of the new username system. I'm fact, a lot of people aren't.	feature request
A hassle to get more free minutes..	feature request
It wouldn't let my area code work	bug report
The app works as it should and keeps my information safe	irrelevant information
What a nonsense app 🙄 I wamt to login my textfree number on my whatapp. But I can't get a call anymore. And is my business number please fix this issue asap	bug report
My incoming are being rejected, the caller is being told that the number is not assigned . HELP!!!!	bug report
The number pad just emits a long, unending tone if I have to press anything during a call. Only way to get rid of it is to hang up Edit: app is updated and permissions are on, your suggestion had nothing to do with the issue.	bug report
very very safe & secure	irrelevant information
It works for what you need.it for. Nothing fancy. Just basic.and Sufi only. Wish it was a little more reliable and much faster to refresh.	feature request
This was a life changing app for me....( From my personal coincidences....also loved the next level features	feature request
I need info on how to delete payment methods. Theres cards on there that dont need to be. How can I do that help plz thanks	feature request
I have problem on how to login always network error Is no more easier like before the signup is more difficult now and always network error	bug report
Quick way to stay updated with group.	irrelevant information
Good for two way or multi user streamlined, encrypted start to end user message transfer. App is tailorable for appropriate options and provides media file transfer that cleans the meta datat from those files - great options. I could go on... there is always room for improvement and season after season these guys continue to raise the bar. Greatly appreciate- keep you options small (simple),succinct, and available across multiple platforms to bridge that gap & I see nothing but further success.	irrelevant information
App not properly developed it crack	bug report
It said it is free but no its not free you have to pay for it 👿	irrelevant information
I updated my review from 5 stars to 1 because they blocked an authentication code from THE IRS stating they did so to prevent "abuse of their service" but if i pay them i can retrieve my code, i gues then it would be fine to abuse their service I NEED THAT CODE TO DO MY TAXES .	bug report
I do love texting and sometimes a small call to people in my phone with Text Free. I did receive a message that I didn't get a message because of the authentication and I would need to UPGRADE my account for this to stop.	feature request
Freezes almost weekly and the only way to make it work again is to delete the app then download it again.	bug report
Discord is great for calls, the quality is top and the features are all great. whoever lately i have some issues with the bots that play music. the option to adjust the volume doesn't show up in their profiles no matter what i do and i think its a glitch of some short :((	feature request
Can't get it to work properly. No support available...	bug report
Adds in a texting app!?!?!?!!?!? Who even heard of such a thing! way too	irrelevant information
I'm having trouble opening this app its taking way to long.	bug report
I can't send or receive pics which used to work and now doesn't. Think u need to fix that. And where the hell is the calling? It says text and call nd there isn't calling. So either add that or take it off ur title and info.	bug report
I cant seem to stream for my friends, they kept saying it either blank or frozen everytime they enter to watch me but the audio kept on playing, i even clear cache , uninstall and install, and even my friends did the same thing. When they stream and I watch, same thing happened as well. :/	bug report
I have a TextNow SIM card. I was Unable to decline phone calls when wifi was off, and the app was frozen after I clicked on decline. I figured out it was to do with voicemail.	bug report
It does it's job most of the time but I occasionally lose all groups and have to wait for them to return on their own. Quitting and restarting the app does not fix. —Droid Mini—	bug report
The Android version of this app is awful. Group names, avatars, and members don't update. Sometimes it chooses not to send notifications when you get new messages. If I didn't need it for my sorority I would uninstall immediately.	bug report
It's great and I will consider donating.	irrelevant information
good okay sometimes	irrelevant information
So frustrated. I keep experiencing a new kind of pain with this app on a regular basis since the last major update. DMs not displaying the last unread DM automatically. Having to scroll up before you can scroll down and view the new DM and the latest one today is when reinstalling Discord for the millionth time, now only dark mode is displayed even if you choose other modes. There is no save button and using the arrow to exit out does not save changes. I am so frustrated with this latest version	bug report
Hi, I read all the reviews about this app and downloaded and to make selected, permanent I paid subscription of 4.99$ but in order to make calls, it is asking to to buy minutes, how come this app become free if its use is charging you some money. Nobody download app for keeping it, they want to use it. Please I would like refund. Please do it ASAP.	bug report
My discord doesn't have a sound while streaming please fix it	bug report
When times are hard you can count on this app	irrelevant information
Would be 5 stars but please fix when you're sending something it randomly disappears	bug report
It's a really good app but it has one drawback for me, sometimes when I tap on the image icon to send an image it crashes the app, this is still continuing almost a year later	bug report
Don't recommend this app when I text someone and they respond it doesn't pop up it shows that they texted at the top of the screen but when I click on it textnow says they didn't send anything I know that it is not my wifi because it works perfectly fine on the other apps and I updated it and it still doesn't work and most of the time when I call someone they can't hear me or I can't hear them	bug report
Randomly freezes and it ain't cuz of my phone cuz it's brand new	bug report
This app has been very help helpful when u have no money to add minutes and when I have appoitments I need a telephone number. Thank yall so much.	irrelevant information
IS THERE ANY WAY THE CODE CAN BE SENT BY EMAIL? PPLZ REPLY	feature request
The app frequently bugs, tap on looking all the servers and it just pop up icons at the bottom without opening the server list. Exiting and restarting the app keep getting the same result most of the time. Please fix it.	bug report
Skype used to work for me. I wish they would make bing disappear. I used to love Skype but now I don't.	feature request
The "updated mobile app" experience sucks.	feature request
It sends duplicate texts	bug report
Although there is free messaging and voice calls . The voice calls are choppy hard to have a convo . Too many adds its makes the app super slow. When i lost my phone and tryed to to log onto my old account it wouldn't accept that I was on a new device. Update 03/14/20 I finally logged into my old account.	bug report
Thus app used to be good but I cannot get back in to the app. I will be deleting it bc of this.	bug report
It how its ups and down when its comprehens its amazing, but lagging it will give you quite a bit of difficulties	bug report
This is one of the best app ever but you need to learn how to use it i give this app 6 stars not even 5 stars i so much like the app keep it up	irrelevant information
#1 discord is simply the best. #2 the new app as of Dec 2023 for Android and IOS is simply horrible. It shouldn't have changed. If it ain't broke don't fix it.	feature request
Such an amazing experience with this app.	irrelevant information
App worked great at first, then I started getting pop-ups, the person on the other end couldn't hear me but I can hear them. I have to close everything and call back just for it to happen again.	bug report
Its not working correctly anymore	bug report
Tried all the steps to sort but still no sound on any videos I receive	bug report
App has become increasingly more buggy. My audio has suddenly changed to me sounding like I'm in a tunnel with bad connection when It used to work fine. When I check chat messages, the voice chat window takes forever to get back into, I have to click it multiple times before it responds. When trying to click on people's icons in voice chat to change their volume, it takes multiple times to click it and when trying to use the slider for volume it is broken.	bug report
Keeps on saying not responding and won't let me open my text	bug report
new ui is really sucks,there's not a single good thing about it.	feature request
Horrible UX/UI and so many useless features (Many that is personal but I don't mind most other popular chat apps)	feature request
this is so good with makeing freinds but i use it for roblox games	irrelevant information
Good for text, but i wish they wouldn't constantly threaten to take your number away if you dont use it often.	feature request
I put 2 stars because it's a good app but if your phone is broken then you must use Wi-Fi to make it work right thats only 1 star the second star is for good calls but the 3 stars that are not used are because if your a person who know how to text fast and you know how to text without looking this isn't a app for you because i text fast and when you text to fast the app glitches out add you must resend message so good but bad app	bug report
Still only scammers on hear too they just come from Instagram	irrelevant information
Smooth app. Sometime hangs while screensharing	bug report
The phone got cut off while talking and my auto pay didn't work, a page came on saying agree to monthly pay .what is going on with skype ?	bug report
work with Bluetooth headphones	irrelevant information
Never got to use it but i hread good things about it	irrelevant information
It wont let me hang up phone calls.If the other party answers & ends the phone call it's fine.But if I get someone's voicemail or there's no answer when I call I have to restart my phone to end the call.It wont let me pull up the key pad while in call so I can't navigate automated cust.service systems.It also wont load my messages anymore.I have to go to search &I put a "1" & click on the results 1 by 1 to see my messages.I only put up with this bc I've had this same # for years	bug report
99.9℅ trusted app	irrelevant information
Needs more unpaid features	irrelevant information
When I get a message I don't get notified for some reason. nothing lights or anything	bug report
for some reason it's says that we can't make you an account	bug report
The new UI is bad. Actually, I just reinstalled it from Play Store and I got the old UI back, it's way more responsive and easier to use. But still the new UI was horrible, it was difficult to navigate and super slow especially on old phones, you gotta wait few seconds after clicking a button. It was really bad.	bug report
You managed to destroy a once useful app. You deserve the worst uncurable illness an angry god can give, your family and kids too	bug report
Uninstalled this trash, since they decided to lock certain messages behind a pay wall. If I wanted to pay, I'd just get another cell phone for the exact same price as your "subscription". As usual, you genuises have let your greed completely blind you to the ENTIRE reason this app even exists, and now you're going to lose business for it. Onto the next one.	feature request
Good volume. Good picture. No disturbances to speach or picture. No bad connections.	irrelevant information
stupidly placed ads, it will interrupt your texting. the app loves to hog memory and will slow down your device considerably, ontop of the fact that your number will get random calls ontop from bots that phish for your information.	bug report
It worked fine until I stared getting a message that my version was old and was automatically logged out so I couldn't use it. Unbelievably rude! I didn't have room on my phone to update, so I just uninstalled it. What a scam.	bug report
Worst app for paid calls in uae to india😡😡 I lost my money	bug report
Good features and good security are always a great mix. If the conferencing / call / video UI wasn't so imponderable, it would be 5 stars. UPDATE: nice improvement in the app in the last few releases. ☺️. Unfortunately donation badges do not appear and customer support doesn't seem able to fix it.	feature request
Given this update a fair chance, still hate it. Change it back to the way it worked before	feature request
Newest update, once again, is terrible. The layout is clunky and you have to interact with the app far more than before to navigate around. It's no longer an easy transition to check DMs really quickly. Visual & movement fatigue is really setting in with this latest version and I find myself less inclined to use the app. Search feature just does not work well, usually produces no results. When results are produced in DM searches all results come as the DM partner regardless of who wrote it.	feature request
You people show make me install this app	irrelevant information
Cant even reply to a group to which I have been added. Doesnt work	bug report
All sounds good but video downloading in mobile is difficult we don't know whether it's downloading or not and it's pity there is no download to download we have to click save. And when it's Going to download or stop, how much downloaded the recorded call we don't know when it's stopped we don't know. I hope it should be fixed as soon as possible	bug report
Great to have wjem in a pinch. If you can get it to work?	irrelevant information
I get twenty or more calls a day from solicitors and my texts dont ring in or give me a banner.	bug report
Good app, calling could be better, and username system too. Say, pick your name, then have a # four digit discrimator. 5 stars if Discriminators were used	feature request
Consistently drops calls. I've updated the app and it didn't change	bug report
Need to be able to delete more than one video/picture at a time.	feature request
Better ,, but not the best ,, in the app there is a option to record,, so that it is helpful ... I like this app ,,	feature request
Unfortunately I have had problems with this app. It seems that any time I have down loaded text now my phone gets a virus. Nor talking a runny nose, or tickle in your throat I'm talking Coronavirus. Once I download it my phone is garbage. I delete it back to normal please TextNow can you fix this otherwise it's great I love it and I thank you very much.	bug report
This app will just shut off	bug report
Trash say somethings free then when I send a verification code that I need I got to sign up so def will b Uninstaller this	bug report
Y'all Keep deleting my accounts for no reason	bug report
I will happily change my rating to a 5 star, if text now stops logging me out. My passwords never work... And then I uninstall, then install again Make a new email then boom, it happens again. Also, waited on the phone with my bank a half hour and when i hear' "how can I help you' THEN hello hello anyone there, so frustrating and my phone says it up to date. Also my contacts don't have names, only the number appears. Will not add a contact! In saying all that I really enjoy this app. Otherwise	bug report
Lllrinf bc c the ur be is my re if need ki he IV it the try ND y rgds c it it red n Kev in my r byz i re me ND lor me	irrelevant information
Removed support for regular messaging not everyone uses signal. Going to a messaging app that supports both.	feature request
What should I say...we use this messenger for it's privacy, not because it has grwat features. It does what it needs to do, that's it.	irrelevant information
I loved the app and was a major user of it for quite some time! That is until they dropped support for SMS and MMS. I used Signal for my main messening client, so for the users that also have it, my messages would be encrypted, but then the others obviously wouldn't. Now, thanks to their decision, none of them are because I had to drop the app! I'm not going to shove Signal down the throats of all my friends just to use Signal. Now it's useless trash.	feature request
Really love signal! Open spurce, secire simple communication platform!	irrelevant information
Constantly freezes!	bug report
So far all I've had on here is coming from other sites and these people tht owns signal is allowing scammers and fake profiles over here on there app because thts all I've got here so tht should tell you why they pick this or watts app but tht cool let them have a screwed up platform and I'm giving no stars	bug report
No calling 👎👎	bug report
Textnow is a very good app that I would recommend to anyone needing a free local phone number, however recently I've only been receiving texts and calls but when I send a text *even with 5 bars of wifi* it doesn't notify me that it hasn't been delivered but nobody ever received any of my messages. This happens east 3 times a day and the only thing that's seems to fix it is logging out,however that deletes recent messages and sometimes even that doesn't work. I've done everything I could pls help	bug report
The UI update has really ruined the experience. Switching to dms, member page, settings is slower and inconvenient. The chat search is also worse now. Why can't I search the entire server like on desktop anymore?	feature request
Safe and secure app	irrelevant information
I love discord back then it it just frustrating Everyting you are been ask if you are a human [I know it to protect us from bot] but that is not the only problem when they ask you to verify the website takes too long to show and when it show it say token has expired and even when you log in again you have to do this process over again. Please tey fixing this Website bug and Can u just ask ones not every Login Thank u	bug report
So i was logging and I put on my email and said those wrong email it was and then I want to try again and every time I tried it kept doing that	bug report
Use Skype once a long time ago	irrelevant information
Its alright for now. I like that I can send video messages	irrelevant information
Is very good and okay	irrelevant information
this new update sucks😭😭😭🙏🙏 i have to delete and re download discord to leave calls	bug report
Wayyyy to many ad's but its free so I guess	irrelevant information
I ordered the sim card and now have free talk+text over a data network. Overall, it works fine.	irrelevant information
I love the app but please dont dan the discussion of fire arms, it will mess up so many things for people on discord. Please listen to the people who use your app and don't do this	feature request
App crashes every time I open forum. There is no way to make the app work unless I clear all data and log back in. Edit1: There are no issues with the login. However, the issue with opening a forum channel in any server still persists, even after restarting device. Edit2: Uninstalling the app worked, but when I attempt to access a forum channel, the app crashes again.	bug report
I think this is very helpful feel ppl who can't but data and stuff	irrelevant information
Bad connection, you run out of minutes after two calls and then must buy more. Two thumbs down!	bug report
I love it only wishing we didn't need wifi just for it to work and was a Sims card fully loaded with all the exact same features and free service	feature request
Can't make calls take days to load can't use unless I'm at home	bug report
The bad-Choppy, dropped calls, too often. The good-free unlimited texting. This needs lots of improvements.	bug report
App is trash they got money hungry like everyone else so dont waste your time look for another app	irrelevant information
The newest update made everything ugly and it doesn't even work right, half the time when I open a conversation now I have to manually scroll down to see the newest messages from like 10 messages up, theres also little to no flexibility in the layout, I had my servers arranged in a certain way and it let me see everything from dms, now I have to go over a damn tab to even see my servers, and now you have to tap the name and pull up a whole other thing to see the member list instead of swiping	feature request
Keeps me in the know what my group is doing.	irrelevant information
We are experience lag and log in issues.	bug report
it didn't work and when you get in ya gotta pay	bug report
Well the app is what I use daily, and I'm okay with most of it. Glitches are actually funny, we usually call it curses lol. Btw this is a suggestion that would really be helpful to everyone using groupme: please make the head-ons available! I would really appreciate not having to jump over and over from groupme to another app and back.	feature request
I deleted it once and now that I'm trying to log in it will not let me it keeps on say invalid	bug report
Please bring back the old ui, at least bring back the button in changing the new one to old. The new one is a downgrade cause instead of easier navigation, it takes more time. Landscaping screen when phone is tilted was the worst. Listen to your users discord.	feature request
Update to overhaul is a prefect example of trying to fix something that isn't broken in the first place. After all this time, I still can't get used to the layout and it doesn't feel natural. The app stutters when shifting between tabs, and there are glitches that freeze the app until you force restart.	feature request
can u remove my skype name bcoz somebody using this.thanks	feature request
New mobile UI is extremely awkward.	feature request
It has been pretty good	irrelevant information
Drop call everytime POS I hate it	bug report
The app lags like crazy and I'm on a note 10 plus..... Makes so sense.	bug report
Messages won't load	bug report
I hate to give this app a bad review but people need to know that its usefulness will be coming to an end. No more SMS support.	feature request
I don't like how now u have to pay just to change ur profile picture...I really would've perfered it to be free which is why I may stop using discord	feature request
I don't know how to activate translator in to Skype	bug report
"Cannot sign in. Unable to sign in, please check your internet for connectivity." Other apps are working though	bug report
Please bring back the previous version, this new update is very buggy and navigating between channels, servers, and DMs is complicated now.	bug report
It's alright, It does what it's supposed to & it works fine.	irrelevant information
Used to be great, now notifications don't work	bug report
Best of the best	irrelevant information
App takes forever to load up and will sometimes cuts off right as app opens and drops calls even if im next to internet box	bug report
It is my love skype	irrelevant information
Locks verification codes behind a paywall. Useless.	bug report
Not that bad of an app other than it glitches a bit but I have a okay experience with the app.	bug report
I like it that's all that I really have to say about it.	irrelevant information
I sometimes receive messages late but it works.	bug report
The app does its job most of the time. Don't attempt to change your name after you get your name. If the name is already taken it will still count as one of your name changes for the day.	feature request
please change back to the original format. this new one feels awful and changing so much of what made the layout good is not great. I, for one, liked having dms up at the top and this more round feel makes it 10X harder to navigate. or at least give everyone the option to put it back the original layout. my previous review would probably be a five but now that this change is in place, I can't really rate it anything higher than a 2.	feature request
I really enjoy groupme...I do wish we could delete things though. If I could delete things, it would get 5 stars.	feature request
It's OK nothing overwhelming special	irrelevant information
New UI is terrible, no need to say more	feature request
This is my second time reinstalling this app within a couple months. When it works, it's great, but some bug causes it to periodically choke the scroll and erase most of the channels I'm in.	bug report
They asked me to rate it	irrelevant information
another site (it was there before the update)	irrelevant information
Great app for messaging, voice calls, or video calls. Best part it is secure messaging.	irrelevant information
My texts from one of my friends never come in and she never receives mine! So tired of this Its be five stars if this wasn't happening! Please help me!	bug report
Please 🙏 anyone who know about this app i need help to using it.Thanks to person who own this app.Forgive me if I messed up or never do it right.	irrelevant information
This company is truly private	irrelevant information
I'm going to try it maybe tomorrow or the next day 🤔	irrelevant information
Was working..but update appears to have made it unstable and it crashes whilst trying to open	bug report
Just awful, first the PC app becomes an error than I'd download load the mobile one and that doesn't even work Ill join a call and be their for a good hour or two and discord just cuts my microphone. Not really worth my money.	bug report
Alright. The UI isn't as bad as they say it is, just takes some time to get used to. But the glitches are bad. Sometimes the app crashes, and sometimes the server name on the banner (Used to access server settings) glitches out and stops working, just too many errors.	bug report
You dont even need mins for THAT	bug report
If i remove message from skype apps cellular, will it still appear on desktop to my friends?	feature request
My only issue with this app is that sometimes I will not get a notification telling me I received a message and therefore I have to physically log into the app to view said message (a problem when you answer hours later because of this)	bug report
Sometimes the voice is not in Tune with the face on video call and picture was very foggy... Is that common in that app?	bug report
Getting a mic or to even hear ur friends on this app is horrible they need to fix it.	bug report
Ok app. A search feature would be helpful	feature request
It's not opening in Pakistan specialy in Infinix device	bug report
Would u please add Morocco to your list? Thanks	feature request
*****Worse now.. calls go direct to vm ?? Never rings.. and God Firbid you can read them.. as a texting service they are a ten as a phone service they are a one at best.. most calls never go through.. when u r called u r unable to hear caller.. i am a t mobile user.. ????	bug report
It gives you minutes but it doesn't work most of the time when making phone calls.	bug report
Scam app, please do not use	irrelevant information
Nice app the way the interior is created it make it easy to use	irrelevant information
Horrible!!!! I was blocked. Nobody to talk to, no way to get my money back!!!! I tried everything that was advised, nothing worked....	bug report
Installs spyware into your phone with no permission. The weather home app has been installed on my phone countless times. I have reported the app to the playstore and will report this app	bug report
The same as all Google apps - it keeps forcing you to 'update' , until 'your device is unable to update'. Thus forcing people to waste the world's resources, and money buying a new and unnecessary product. The app worked without updating. The 'new update' is therefore only beneficial to Google. ( Edit - The most recent update is requesting a 'donation' so we can receive A Badge!!! )	bug report
This app have to many adds all in My text messages and it doesn't do anything u want it to perform I can't keep up with internet service and wifi 😤 😑 😒 I only have service in my room this sucks	bug report
Best alternative to whataap!!!	irrelevant information
My coworkers suck but the app is pretty good	irrelevant information
WELL WHEN YOU GOOGLE FREE APPS THIS ONE COMES UP YOU GO TO SIGN ON AND IT CHARGES YOU $9.99 A MONTH THAT IS NOT FREE	bug report
Calls getting dropped. All texts not going through	bug report
Always  crashs	bug report
Inaudible occationaly	bug report
Group me, I would give it 5 starts if I had the option to delete the group. That would be a good idea. I don't want to keep something for that long, remember what I wrote or take up space. If you can hide it.... you should be able to delete it. With that being said... group me is a easy app to work with. Group me is convenient and you  can not beat a free app... like this. You can not beat mobile connection and even if the person do not have fb or v.s. Or even it stays for a few months and go way that's OK.	feature request
the past few months been horrible my mom and my brother out west been having problems with it since last year and now me	bug report
Not good won't download	irrelevant information
Great on all my devices	irrelevant information
Just secure, but not efficient and with very minimum & less features. Very DISAPPOINTING	feature request
I can't receive all of my text unless I am using the app or it is running please try to fix	bug report
The notification function is very bad	bug report
RE-Review 3/26/2022 DOESNT WORK AT ALL SINCE I STOPPED PAYING I USED TO PAY 5.99 THEY WENT TO 9.99 A LOT FOR WHAT YOU RECEIVE UNINSTALLING .. OLDER REVIEW👇😁 This is a great app except that for CALLS ARE USELESS calls are either you dont listen the other or they dont listen to you or breaks or static etc.. so 3stars to calls hopefully text free staff do something about it. I HAVE A REALLY GOOD INTERNET AND WIFI BTW	bug report
Lovely chat, always reliable in my experience. My default online gaming chat 😄😄	irrelevant information
5 stars I love taking to my friends on it sometimes it glitches but I don't mind but Im giving it 4 stara because recently I lost my account because apparently I'm too young for it when I'm old enough and I tried getting it back and my id card didn't work when I sent it 🥲	feature request
I feel as though it's a decent app when used correctly in a small scale aspect. We use it for management communication at my work and it has it's benefits.	irrelevant information
Keeps crashing on Galaxy Nexus.	bug report
I'm not able to dilever the msgs what to do noww	bug report
Ummm so this is really good app but it kicked me out for no reason at all so I have to re download it	bug report
Great app! video and audio quality can be improved, but wifi quality probably contributes to that. So far, this app has only had a 3-4 second delay. Others are much worse. I really like the fact that I can use Skype on any device without paying for a phone line. Not sure why, my recently updated version does not have an audio only function. I can't send audio messages. No microphone button included. But overall a very good app.	feature request
Good value for the money I pay. Unfortunately, most people I call in the USA complain that my conversation is robotic and broken up. It improves when not using the speaker but then it is not that convenient when other people need to listen. Not the case when I call other countries.	feature request
This app takes my contacts off just shows they number ugh	bug report
Used to be great. Ever since they pushed through some updates this year (Q1 2023) it's been super glitchy and hard to use. Pinned chats don't stay pinned. Group icons blink on and off. @ function doesn't work. Group settings impossible to find. Search function might as well not exist it's so subpar. Reply function doesn't always work. And yes I uninstalled and reinstalled before writing this review. Hope they fix it.	bug report
Very good to talk to friends	irrelevant information
Can't use phone function even though I have credit. The app just freezes everytime I try to jet the phone number. Extremely frustrated and annoyed.	bug report
terrible update, listenen to your users and change it.	feature request
Very helpful for my classes. 5/5 would recommend	irrelevant information
its good	irrelevant information
This a shity app	irrelevant information
Bug application All missed call are missed video call in history call	bug report
Solid app, I have no complaints so far.	irrelevant information
I uninstaled the app for a week then got back on you see I forgot my password and I never got the email that told me the password so I cannot get back on to my a count ever.😢	bug report
Need a new number just to use! :((	irrelevant information
Calling could use a little work. It ALWAYS some how drops the call	bug report
I honestly dont have a problem with the actual UI itself, but the bugs are constant. It'll get stuck on the DMs tab and I'll have to close and reopen the app to switch back to see servers, and now none of the images are loading even on strong wifi.	bug report
Err in TextNow	bug report
Constantly getting delayed in notification.	bug report
Takes forever to post videos after the update. Other than that it's great. Greek life, business partners etc., it's easier through GN however I still use scheduled group messages through Go Sms as a back up. Also there is no way to remove individual chats other than to mute them...that's worrisome. Fix these and you'll get 5 stars. Hm k?	feature request
Slow down phone. Hard to answer and hang up	bug report
Why can't I sign up for Text Free after I enter my desired area code it does not move to the next step. I tried several area code still no advancement pls sort this out for me to use your app.	bug report
I've Ben putting my password down and it still won't let me in. This app really sucks 😠	bug report
Discord moderators doesn't even take action, I've reported several people who go around DDosing and hacking other people's account which is literally illegal. And yet, the discord staffs don't take action, disappointed.	bug report
Dropping SMS support has basically caused all my friends I've convinced over the years to Signal go REE on me today. I'm getting rid of this app, and I will never recommend it to anyone. Signal had it's niche, that is going to be invalidated soon. Oh well. Free market, I guess?	irrelevant information
Can't get the rewards wheel to spin-no way to try to win money. Contacted reps but no one could or would help. Email ignored.	bug report
Everything works smoothly and I'm happy that they aren't mining my data.	irrelevant information
More times than not, my messages are not delivered for several minutes..... 15 minutes to an hour or more!	bug report
I'd tell that the quality of the video call is nitbat all appreciated because as soon as i call anyone i get lots of problem in hearing and the video always gets freezed . So i request to make the changes and also I want to tell the this dosent have any data saver	bug report
Does the job.	irrelevant information
You can get but call quality is so bad.	bug report
voice and video could have been better!	feature request
I hate this app I hope it dies	irrelevant information
If you have good internet wifi then this app works just fine most the time. I'm new to this app and will update my review every 3 months	irrelevant information
Sometimes it rerouted me to think that I am not a good fit	irrelevant information
Thank you Lord	irrelevant information
Version 8 is a step in the wrong direction. There are lots of icons with unclear meaning, making it difficult to use. Video does not work, which forced me to go back to a different device that had version 7. Finally, there seems to be no way to report technical problems with a specific call.	bug report
Great App!! Easy to use!!	irrelevant information
It's great I coach youth sports	irrelevant information
K hi un huh it's if IAA ,√®for!	irrelevant information
Uhm discord why do I need to Register my email to go to servers	bug report
The app crashes in the mid of viewing recorded video. Sometimes I can't fast forward and have to restart the app over again. This is so annoying.	bug report
Brilliant you can chat with your friends easily but you can't send big files sadly and the bots are amazing	feature request
Terrible. App won't open and doesn't update. I can't send messages half the time and can't get it to open the other half. Totally disappointed, this use to be a great app.	bug report
This is my number one top of the list text now free call hiding app to get away with being grimy I have four accounts on this one and I open more accounts each time I go on it but I need to stop using my girlfriend's name in my last four of my social as my password but maybe she wouldn't see these kind of things boy I'm going to miss her when she's gone she was the one that got away I didn't deserve her because I'm such a pig I deserve and no teeth crack w****	irrelevant information
Great. Thank you guys.	irrelevant information
Vaer good and i ready for a good time	irrelevant information
Its very good	irrelevant information
I love this it can call and texs	feature request
I cant get any calls, and I cat play any voice mails. I have to go through twice a day and refresh everyones messages to make sure I didn't miss anything important.	bug report
As a discord user for 2 years till now, loving the updates that keeps on coming. Although, there are some issues which is about the server channels. I often struggle on deleting the ones that are mistakenly added or not needed for the server, but I can only delete it individually not all at once. If possible, can yall update it with an option to delete channels all at once?	feature request
It's a good application, but it has a few bugs that need to be fixed. For example, it freezes a lot and most of the chat do not load.	bug report
Its ok but you can try it but overal 3 stars	irrelevant information
I love discord but it seems like the more updates it gets, the worst it gets. The app used to run cleanly and smoothly for me, but now I'm constantly being glitched into other channels, I can't type when I open new channels, random users accounts pop up mid typing, channels and dms disappear when I open notifications. It seems like the app is just getting worse and worse the more updates it gets, along with some updates being entirely pointless and annoying like font changes.	bug report
so the new mobile UI.. i dont like it so heres everything im not happy with about it. server list area i dont like, please put i back to the right of the chat. the swipe right to reply to a message is kinda useless, everyone will just hold down a message to reply anyways. and lastly i dont like where Direct message and group chats are placed now please put them back. in the end what i want to say is you've made the mobile app to distant from the pc version and i hope you'll reflect on this chang	feature request
It seems to work pretty well. The layout and navigation are difficult to master.	irrelevant information
Very beautiful app for chatting	irrelevant information
Still no group invite notifications! Need more notification options as missing a lot of group invites. Remove group invitations, just add people to a group. End up using WhatsApp group to add people to Signal group.	feature request
i miss the old discord. one if the biggest things i hate about the big update is taht i cant swipe right to see member list. i have to click. also the search is weird. and i think its more work to get to pinned messages. and the set up. the setup sucks i hate it. i never know when i have a new message, because its harder to notice. i hate it	feature request
connection is bad, people can't hear me well.	bug report
I'm giving it a 2 star for now bc for whatever reason it's so damn laggy like I can't even type or do ANYTHING. And no, no it is not my internet bc it's perfectly fine. This is getting so damn annoying that I will probably just delete the app forever. The other apps on my phone are working perfectly fine as well. I hope you can somehow help me fix this problem bc I miss talking to my friends! :[	bug report
Nice,but प्रमोट people to use it	irrelevant information
Throughly enjoy the App!	irrelevant information
No more SMS support. I suppose it's to keep everything involved in their own proprietary system. This is very inconvenient though. Now one must have multipe apps for texting. I did my best to get everyone in Signal. But not everyone wanted to switch over. So I like many other users, I will hang on for a bit. But ultimately, Will be deleting. Being able to have everyones messages in 1 app is more important than having encrypted messaging. I am also pulling my funding for this.	feature request
Very convenient app to use when you don't have any more time left on your regular cell phone plan 😁 However I have had a few bad experiences with the app also. Like it has a.ind of it's own when making or trying to recieve phone calls	feature request
Clueless what to do with this app..... No instructions on how to set up and use......	irrelevant information
It'll keep you out of FB Jail.... LOL	irrelevant information
This app has constant ads and is very very slow	bug report
This is sad how, I purchased mins for UK using Google pay but I never recieved the service. Google pay confirms that the payment was made whereas Skype states that there so no purchase of the service. It's been a month I'm struggling with google pay and Skype as they are not able to sort out my problem. All I'm doing is sending screenshot of each team to the other. Why can't the developers raise an issue and solve it on their level instead of frustrating a user or customer.	bug report
It was fine before adding the lock in number bs	bug report
Not really better it's has more issues I hop it's will be fix it	bug report
It's Soo Good I Can Easily Chat w My Roblox Friends	irrelevant information
Even when you know your password Skype makes it super difficult to log in when traveling. I've been told I need to wait 24 hours for Skype to update my information. No wonder people have so using this piece of garbage	bug report
I have been enjoying this app quite a bit.	irrelevant information
I resver a phone nr from and I did pay it next think I know my phone nr has been change wow... Stay a way guys from costumers service does not give a dam try to call and email no response at all.	bug report
It's fine except I don't get notifications	bug report
it nice and easy to use just one request. we use this for notifications to groups but would be nice to be able to make certain people an admit, only select guys can post messages. that would make it so much easier to post messages without other nonsense	feature request
Very nice app full working app	irrelevant information
I've used discord for a very long time I've been of and on it since 2017 however since 2019 I've stuck with it and used it daily. I love this app and how its gotten easier to use over the years of its release, however I'd like to say resent updates make the app look horrible on mobile. I'm not sure if it's a bug but images no longer fit within the screen (in portrait mode of your mobile) and I don't like how image now get bunched together and cropped on what you see if sent together.	feature request
Unable to create an account. Continously refreshes area code selection screen after choosing area code.	bug report
app has major lags when being in a call and using the app simultaneously for long periods of time, even crashes occasionally. generally has been buggy, even more so since the design refresh	bug report
easy to use no hassle phone number app	irrelevant information
Just ok. It works, but slower to load that whatsapp or messenger, and and the video features aren't as user-friendly. Shouldn't be this way this late in the game...	feature request
check manually for messages due to one of the group messages on here are	feature request
Its great just the volume cannot hear	bug report
I can't post anything half the time. Gotten even worse since update.... EDIT: It's 2024 and the app has gotten even worse. If it wasn't a requirement I would never use it. This app is dumpster juice mixed with diarrhea water. DO NOT RECOMMEND.	bug report
awesome app, deffinately will use again. very pleased how well it sounds and plays out. easy to use	irrelevant information
But my calls constantly drop even though I'm using Wi-Fi. I don't receive texts right away so I have to repeatedly refresh my messages. And now calls aren't even coming through. It will just pop up that I have a missed call. Frustrating. Used to love it. Now, not so much.	bug report
What have you done with this app? Really guys? Bye then	bug report
One of the best platforms I've been using. I'm very grateful that it is still free of charge. Thank you so much.	irrelevant information
Texting works but the calling doesn't work at all	bug report
worst update in the history of updates	bug report
I'm VERY confused as to how to upgrade my Nitro account… I just want more than 50 custom emojis. "We don't currently support upgrades to Nitro for subscriptions through Google." No apparent options in "Manage" ("primary" and "backup" payment method). I don't even know if using $9.99 Nitro will allow more than 50 custom emojis… That's all I'm really asking for atm. I hope I get a response here or my email… I'm stuck.	feature request
Eh. It used to be a great app. But after the last update, I cannot see the controls when in a call. I can't hang up or mute myself or video chat or anything. I have to either make another call to get me out of the page or full on restart my phone!	bug report
I kindly request the restoration of the previous layout. I sincerely appreciate your assistance and I am willing to cooperate in any way necessary.	feature request
From iranin people:you are amazing and thanks 😊 for support in this time God bless you are 💙💙🙏🏻🙏🏻	irrelevant information
Not yet commonly used	bug report
Umm it okay but the minute I get on it it stops working	bug report
Random, unnecessary UI change that completely scrambled the app layout.	feature request
So far I have not had any And many of my friends use TextNow And I hope others we'll give it a try thank you	irrelevant information
Calls always glitching the audio sucks and I can't ever connect my Bluetooth on calls, me and my boyfriend really struggle to talk and we're long distance	bug report
Yooooo it's amazing I'm only 15 years old and I'm a girl its😚😚😚😚😚😚🤩🤩🤩🤩	irrelevant information
This app is really good so far! I'm able to talk to mostly my friends on this app and it's so good! The thing is, I've been having connection problems and my wifi is getting the best possible signal, though the app takes too long to connect on my phone, please fix this issue	bug report
This app went from 4.5 stars to 3.3 stars in a matter of weeks due to the horrible UI update 🤡	feature request
Garbage, Scam calls and msg all the time. So many ads and there's no we're to move around.	bug report
Not worth using with the new update, certainly not worth nitro. Without a fix to the terrible UX I just can't recommend the mobile app anymore. Stick to desktop or even just the web app.	feature request
I just hate new update, pls bring back that old interface 🙏	feature request
Cannot seem to delete no longer used groups	bug report
Discord deserve 5stars of course but recently I'm having some issues like I log out on my account and when I try to login it shows "new location detacted verify you Gmail". DISCORDD I can't verify my email cz I forget the password of it and the phone that the email was in it is stolen. SO WHAT SHOULD I DO KNOW. I REALLY NEED MY ACCOUNT DISCORD PLEASE HELP ME	bug report
Removed sms ssupport for no apparent reason.	bug report
editing again - multiple times ive been on a call with my gf and discord crashes. i restart it and it does the same thing when i rejoin the call. ive restarted my phone, checked if the app needs to update, and nothing works. idk why it's doing this, but PLS fix it.	bug report
Realy good app but it needs a switch account button on Mobile	feature request
I had before and it worked really well 👍 but then I had to delete it because it stopped working properly 😡 so I tried continuously to sign on again but it won't let me so I don't recommend it to anyone who has deleted it and tried to re download it	bug report
Now to see the power of Muslims	irrelevant information
why some come through and others don't. This is not reliable for messaging.	bug report
Can you upgrade to the story status mode	feature request
I've been using this app for a few years now! And it was doing great but as of these last few weeks it's been glitchy like it won't let you open the app and also I've noticed when I received phone calls it won't even pop up or let me answer the calls!..Now this app has always had ads however when you're texting they will interfere with just doing a simple text meaning I will be texting someone and look up and boom it's only a few words even captured and I'll need to start over!! Please FIX this	bug report
speaker that every other app on my phone work.	irrelevant information
I used to love this app until I tried doing a video call and even if me and the person I'm contacting have full signal, it glitches and freezes and even cuts out all together. I'm seriously annoyed with Skype in whole	bug report
shut down the app in the task manager.	bug report
Absolutely the worst of the bunch. Can't delete a contact. Can't delete chat history. Just a real POS piece of software. You be ashamed of how bad Skype is.	bug report
Very enjoyable app. Allows me to keep my work and social life seperated so I don't accidentally send my boss the wrong thing. Only thing that would make it even better is if it had a dark mode. I often use it at night and the white background is startlingly bright. I use dark on everything so switching to this app isn't worth it sometimes.	feature request
They broke the app with the UI update the UI update is not only horrible and less usable but it doesn't let me upload pictures at all which worked perfectly fine before the UI update and it also broke the UI for joining voice calls i can only see like 1/5 of the call. The discord app also takes an extra minute to load.	bug report
Vary Nice	irrelevant information
brand new app for m we, hopefully it works	irrelevant information
I pretended to be another dude and my girl liked the other dude😞(she said i was lame)	irrelevant information
Fix discord stream audio quality please	feature request
It's good for groups and school stuff, but anyone can message you and you can't block someone. I got a vulgar message and they only let me hide it from view. I couldn't even report it.	feature request
A very great app, for private conversation and has a comparatively simple UI. Has a lot of features similar to WhatsApp or telegram, Upsides: 1. You can even schedule messages(not available in WhatsApp or telegram yet) 2. No data tracking. 3. Has open source encryption, so your chat is yours only. Some downsides are that 1. signal doesn't have a messages pinning feature, unlike telegram and WhatsApp. 2. while telegram and WhatsApp is used by masses, signal has a relatively smaller user base.	feature request
Can never sign back in	bug report
would be better if they still aloud facetime, but they don't 😒	feature request
The app is good. When a backup fails due to not having enough space, it would be great if the app let me know how much space is needed. Right now, it's a guessing game.	feature request
I don't like Bing on skype every time I deleted it off of my skype it re-appears every day. Overall, this app is really good	bug report
Since the new UI update I've had nothing but problems with the app. It takes longer to load things if it loads at all, it gets stuck on the channel I open it to no matter what server I try switching to, it crashes randomly. And that's to say nothing about how there's now like 5 extra steps to get to things when there used to be 2-3 tops. Users aren't complaining because we don't like how it looks, we're complaining because what used to be a well functioning app just flat out doesn't work well.	bug report
I love the opportunity to work	irrelevant information
I enjoy this app. I enjoy it and get to check out my options for my schedules.	irrelevant information
message cannt be sent to this person. And she's shown me on her phone it's	bug report
Security	irrelevant information
Heloo The application was great, and I love making servers, ranks, channels, decorating, and everything. I love working in Discord, but Most of the time it logs out automatically and is slow to use on the phone and on the computer. It is a little good in use ..	bug report
Great app but can be buggie at times	bug report
I been trying so hard that I rage quit	irrelevant information
Privacy	irrelevant information
its awesome and quick	irrelevant information
It is a good app for gaming and for chating with your friends	irrelevant information
It's okay not excellent	irrelevant information
It is really annoying that the in call volume can't not be completely turn off or go below a certain level. Why is that?	feature request
Number got deleted or something and can't create a new account	bug report
The latest update ruined the app. Doesn't have floating chat, notification sounds don't work. Terrible.	bug report
best chatting app except they make u use nitro for everything	feature request
Great on mobile and PC. Some restrictions on Chromebook.	irrelevant information
Sometimes It doesn't send notifications of new messages.	bug report
I am unable to upload pics.... I keep getting an error message every time!!	bug report
it does not notify me when I have messages. It also says I have an unread message when I don't.	bug report
It has problems last days for Android. I am not able to read the messages. I try to open app and it closes in a second. I reinstalled the app few times , cleared cookies but nothing changes. I still can't read my messages.	bug report
Doesn't even work anymore. Cant even choose a new number and blocked my current number that i had for a long time even after i was still active with it. It only been 7 days since i hadn't used it and it took my number away from me. Then wont let me choose another number. Keeps saying my number was inactive as soon as i choose a new one. Im done with this app. Would give zero stars if i could.	bug report
Issues after update: sometimes after plugging in earbuds, the calls don't go thru earbuds but thru speaker of my phone. I'm not sure how to fix this either. It happened twice and I was able to magically fix it the first time, but the second time I gave up. Restarting app and plugging in & out my earbuds (& restarting phone) did not help. Again.	bug report
There's a glitch in discord. My on screen keyboard keeps disappearing, so I can't text any of my friends. I would like for this glitch to be fixed please!	bug report
I couldn't even sign in everything I tried with my google account it said I violated some terms even though it was my first time and I didn't do anything besides sign in. When they said recover your account they tell you they send a email but I looked in "all mail" and I waited for 5 minutes and nothing shows up	bug report
If something happens and you can't get your bill paid text free really yeah	bug report
new ui is actually awful, the developers insist in making changes to things the user base never had a problem to begin with instead of making the app better to use. i already wasn't using discord on mobile that much and with this ui i'll probably use it even less.	feature request
Great way to get to know your neighbors.	irrelevant information
Terrible wouldn't let me tx it kept wanting me to change my number. I changed it six different times and still had issues n gave up	bug report
"Describe Experience". How can I experience the stupid thing if it cancels my account and I haven't even made the account yet. I put in my email put in a password to set up an account and then it says I'm violating something. Please tell me how.	bug report
Singnal it cool	irrelevant information
I can't connect with my work team because the app won't allow me to update my number. I have to receive the group text through my phone messages and I'm not happy about that because I miss out on important things. I've sent 3 emails asking for help have not gotten a response. Very disappointing.	bug report
Excellent and calls are very clear	irrelevant information
Good apps. But why you can't open and upload stories from your gallery. There is only option to take a picture from camera and make text only. It's pointless in my opinion if you can't freely share any pictures in the story from your gallery.	feature request
There is multiple people always trying to scam people and going into people private files and posting them	bug report
Datamining you while you travel, too.	irrelevant information
Since taken over by MS Skype has become as crappy as Windows. Constant	bug report
I'm becoming extremely agitated that it won't let me make phone calls I did all the proper setting and its still not working and this app is starting to piss me off	bug report
Was working great but now app won't open after last update. Still not opening	bug report
It is already have an account for the phone number y'all are awful. I don't understand why you won't allow me to access my own account.	bug report
Overall good ?C-SOH7	irrelevant information
Easy to use and navigate through the application.	irrelevant information
The new UI is absolutely awful, it makes discord so incredibly slow and it wasn't even needed. Great job at ruining the app :D	bug report
ADD CLASSIC NITRO BACKKK	feature request
Very good platform it just needs some bots or something to filter certain things that are considered racist	feature request
Signal was great when it supported both SMS and their proprietary format. I used it as SMS for most people, and some happened to join signal and that was a little bonus. Now I have to switch to a new SMS app. I'll leave it on my phone for a while, but I'm pretty sure the 1 or 2 friends who were also Signal users are going to give it up as well. The people I want to secure message with without using SMS use WhatsApp. It was never *that good* at SMS/MMS.	feature request
Favorited gifs keeps becoming greyed out/inaccessible, again. No way to fix, I've tried restarting the app, clearing cache both from within the app, from the phone's UI, and restarting my phone. Every other category loads immediately. I waited 5 minutes with no change.	bug report
App OK 4 what it is	irrelevant information
Some calls cant hear on and it drops calls other than thst its a good app	bug report
Love using signal, feel safe and love the fact you have to put your pin in now and again it just feels a secure app	irrelevant information
Oof this is the best social media (:-)	irrelevant information
Every time I  get a call the other person cant hear it. I also cant even set up a voice mail. I followed  directions  but still doesn't work and there is no option for it in my settings.	bug report
Works ok for adult chat. No way to add kids as a family group. Thus 3 stars	feature request
I started using this app from today. Chat backup cannot be provided. Sharing photos with friends reduces their resolution. A lot of improvements are needed and the UI should be made more attractive and beautiful.	feature request
Have to pay for verification texts, dont waste your time with this trash	bug report
it works well. being able to make and receive calls using Wi-Fi is great. If you use your number often it'll stay the same.	feature request
all good but why is there a Skype button? I haven't used that since 2012.	irrelevant information
Great connection fast response time	irrelevant information
was much better before Microsoft took it over	irrelevant information
App has become crazy laggy..I'm using LG gpad 7.0 Android version 4.3..I'm uninstalling now and try reinstalling.hope it fixes my issue	bug report
i need to pay to get google messages Lol	irrelevant information
It has been a great way to keep in touch and share information quickly!	irrelevant information
App is pretty good for messaging but it's crashing from a few days as soon as I open it. Hope developers fix this	bug report
It's all good till the emojis arrive. The discord needs to step up with the emoji graphical design.	feature request
not very useful either. This app needs major work to be viable. DO NOT USE	bug report
It's ok but I randomly, get kicked out from time to time.	bug report
It won't download. It just says pending, and no matter how long I wait, it never loads	bug report
Great way to reach a few at a time	irrelevant information
Works as it should. Does what you need	irrelevant information
It won't acknowledge my old phone I went back to Samsung A21	bug report
Works okay. Still occasionally get the notification bug. I just sign out from the app, uninstall, reinstall, re-sign in. A bit of a hassle but it works. Just sucks when you miss an important msg OLD REVIEW FROM 2018: Notifications no longer work on my new phone (Note 9). Also, messages don't refresh until I go into a chat directly. If I attempt to refresh all messages from the main menu, I get an endlessly spinning wheel. Will update review when fixed. I have already uninstalled and reinstalled	bug report
Has a lot of options and things you can do with it. I talk to a lot of my friends through Discord! It works great and once you know your way around youll be good!	irrelevant information
Fun fact that I only want warm Love	irrelevant information
My experience is very good	irrelevant information
Too slow. not working smoothly. my phone has 3gb ram. but still it not working.	bug report
Is some times cut the calls in its own but is fine	bug report
It's hard to play games but good to use to chat	bug report
Not bad , calls are pretty clear for the most part. And work well 99% of the time.	irrelevant information
Msg don't always get sent and frezzes here and there.	bug report
I dont get notifications for servers im in anymore.	bug report
I am having trouble figuring out how to screenshare 😭💀	bug report
Worest not working not get otp if too many times try again ni responce	bug report
Terrible connection the last time I have used it. September 4 2022 It was just useless. Not sure what happened?? Have been using this app on and off for about a year never any problems!???!	bug report
Was an amazing app, now they are dropping sms. Very dumb move	bug report
To say the new layout sucks would be an understatement. the UI is incredibly buggy on the z fold 4 and i constantly have to restart the app to fix it.	bug report
So far using this app is going well. Sometimes message failed comes up but is cleared up shortly after	feature request
Updated the UI to something that's trash compared to the old UI with no option to use the old one	feature request
Love discord. it's pretty good for a chatting app. is there better ones out there? probably but discord works and I understand it	feature request
I've used this app for over a year. It sucks on a level I cannot even explain. One star is too generous for this app. I Uninstalled it and went back my normal messaging app. Total garbage	bug report
conicting not good	irrelevant information
Not to good	irrelevant information
So far haven't had any issues	irrelevant information
Drops calls all the time is this fixable?	bug report
IT WON'T LET ME CANCEL MY SUBSCRIPTION!! I tried already many times it is stupid, help me on this now. I don't use the app anymore it's useless to me	bug report
The Ul update has made the app exhausting to use. I don't want to interact in multiple communities now because it's so hard to manage, DMs are a hassle that I constantly miss, and there's no easy way to go directly to notifications or clear all I only use mobile as my primary device so it's just made my experience so difficult. Video sharing in dm or small groups is also just bizarrely set up and crops the screen share pretty significantly.	feature request
Hadn't updated the app for a couple of months after hearing all the hate for the new Ui over haul. I got a new phone, and it auto updated. know I get where all the hate is coming from. The older Ui was similar to the desktop version. Now, they seem like 2 completely different applications	feature request
Good place to share your thoughts	irrelevant information
Ok but I'll started to get problems calling my families and customers as friends it stopped at times that's were very important to my phones calls App stopped on calls.sorry about that kiddo Would've be better if you checkout whatever make this happen in The App.	bug report
Breaking of voices.	bug report
This app sucks. It texts fine,  but the calling is horrible,  calls always laugh out,  break up,  drop.  Something to make it to where u can barely use it,  and never want to call or get called. The key board always randomly disappears so you are always accidently clicking on the adds or just getting messed up in your texts. U need minutes to call,  but they do give u a way to get like 6 free minutes a day.  I would go for a different app.	bug report
this Is Good But If you Make a Account You Need do Verify Your Email	feature request
it doesnt let me call but the texting is great but sometimes it takes me out of the appand that really makes me mad but its a good app it lets get a phone number and buy it or you can not buy one but you cant use it on a differnt texting and calling app it is good	bug report
Met a great group of people. We couldn't all group chat right so we downloaded this app. Its wonderful.  Although it sucks you have to use data but its worth. It does suck that android users don't seem to be able to send videos tho	feature request
It doesn't work quickly and it spasm.	bug report
New UI is bad. I held off on review until I've had use with it without me not liking change but this has been overall a worse user experience in general. When viewing DMS it snaps to a random point in a previous convosation forcing me to scroll down to see messages. Navigating is laggy and is very slow to load content. The amount of clicks to get everywhere had increased. The layout of DMS is the exact same as Facebook messager. It seems they went for an update for the sake of it	bug report
Amazing for chatting	irrelevant information
Too many UI bugs, eg. back button never works.	bug report
It usedxto be awesome, app crashes before log in its ridiculous	bug report
New UI. bad.	feature request
Very good especially if you dont have Whatsapp	irrelevant information
I like it good to chat people	irrelevant information
I have been a faithful customer to text now for well over 10 years. I made the Fatal mistake of purchasing the locked phone number to receive Verification codes to my phone. It did not work. Instead it has a little gray box that shows up on my screen every 2 minutes stating how they're not able to verify my purchase of my locked in number. Even after canceling my subscription and removing my debit card from Google Play I'm still being charged $2 a week. I have contacted textnow customer service.	bug report
I'm still getting used to it	irrelevant information
Great gob 💔🪦	irrelevant information
It's a really nice way to stay connected with a wide group of people at once..	irrelevant information
I'm using this app almost 1years ago . so this app is very good and call voice is very clear than other apps like whatsapp etc . this is amazing app for messaging and sending receiving videos photos . and make groups with friends and chill more . All features are fantastic ❤	irrelevant information
My mobile vibrates and I can't send files	bug report
This is a very good messaging app. The UI is so pleasing and minimalistic. The most important thing is that it's private. I'd recommend this to everyone.	irrelevant information
i tried to login to my acc and i did the password i did everything and still this app is the worst	bug report
I used this app for many years. It was great but with no more support for sms/mms this is not useful to me anymore. So unfortunate...	feature request
This game lets me chat and send emojis which are cute but it lags alot and has annoying bugd which they should get rid of	bug report
Wish it had video sending feature	feature request
I use the app for work and it is great! Hopefully future updates will fix the massive battery drain I have experienced on two phones. I've recently purchased a new phone with an extended battery. This is the only thing keeping my phone going throughout the day. In addition, I have a case with a built in battery...all because of this one application!! Please fix this and then it will be excellent!	feature request
Not working.....  Always echo sounds..	bug report
This used to one of the best app out there but with your latest update, it has been super glitchy and very slow. At first I thought it was my device until I switched device and it still persisted, please can you take us back to the old days when Skype was simple but very efficient and effective tool for prompt communication	bug report
Love it. Made me get closer to the end	irrelevant information
Lately everyone in my group me chat haven't been getting alerts! We have to open the app to see if there are any msg. So annoyed!	bug report
Works ! Ads Kill wifi signaL . Hope the call is not important ! I care about Google Play !	bug report
Convenient way to stay in touch	irrelevant information
Pretty good for working with complex team units spread across a wide area.	irrelevant information
Always crashing absolute horrible app	bug report
not a fan of the new update, like AT ALL. its hard to navigate through everything, and sometimes freezes. i miss the old layout.	feature request
I would rate it as five stars, but the lack of runtime permissions is a security problem. I find that it goes against the whole point of this app. Edit: I should have edited it a long time ago because now it has runtime permissions.	feature request
It was good at first, making it possible to set up a phone number when I was selling a vehicle online. But now there's too many Loops jump through.	feature request
Can't send pics all my friends have this issue	bug report
I'm not so sure I like it too much because of the simple fact, that you can't share the messages on GroupMe that are sent to you or the videos you can't share them to your Google drive or your emails for archiving purposes.	feature request
Downloaded this app and ended up paying for it and then it DID NOT work. I gave the number out but no one could get throug - texts went nowhere. Now it's uninstalled and l have no idea how to cancel the payment	bug report
It always crashes	bug report
click on a button or link and I have to wait before any action takes place.	bug report
Hello, Im having trouble adding minutes to my text free number	bug report
I can't send a new text message because the send/record button overlap each other. Please fix. Thanks for fixing the issue	bug report
I cannot receive my verification code. I've been doing the troubleshooting they provided but, nothing worked.	bug report
i think this is a great app to text on but not to call. you have to pay or watch alot of adds/videos to get calling minutes.so if you want to call this might not be the app for you but if you just text then you should get the app.	feature request
Discord is very useful and has easily become my primary form of social media for years. I like it, but the latest change to the UI was not a great move. The new update is buggy and slow and kicks me out of calls for no reason. I don't think it's unintuitive, but it's such a drastic change that was really unneeded since it was already intuitive before. It is also no longer consistent with the desktop version, so you will have to learn both separately. Very annoying	bug report
Always fails to connect calls or give me minutes	bug report
Haven't tried it yet!	irrelevant information
I would give this 4 or 5 star but this app is kind of embarrassing. 1: Honestly the ads at the bottom of the keyboard are annoying because when I am typing I always press the ads. 2: I wish some of the stuff was more free like verification codes and a lock in number because for me, I don't have a phone number, and if you wanted to use something like whatsapp or signal, stuff like that, it says that you have to pay to get verification texts. So I'm asking, please make more things unlocked.	feature request
Has had some interesting UI changes. New users won't know what's up, but for the rest of us the new changes are jarring, clunky, and awkward to get around compared to the original UI. Desktop is untouched... for now. But who knows what the big suits up at Out Of Touch HQ want next?	feature request
I can't find the icon on my tablet.:-(	bug report
Sends messages receives them too got a few other gimmicks.	irrelevant information
Good but something 13 video calling mute unmute did not working and all video call did not working .why ? I am study to this app so clearly i worked to this app.	bug report
it aucks, i cant even send one message without an ad. you can pay for the ads to go away but the app isnt worth it, it sucks	bug report
Great app! Solved our problem of a "too large" text group and iPhones not playing well with Android users.	irrelevant information
Not as good as line app. Cant select more than one image from gallery, no	bug report
can we have a quicker way to block scammers please? I need to go through so many menus each time	feature request
Sometimes it doesn't notify me when someone text me, so I miss time sensitive things.	bug report
Refused to allow me calls and texts after like 8 months and an update. So, I uninstalled it and now it REFUSES to let me sign or even sign up for a new account. Keeps getting an error message......	bug report
I cannot get it to get off my desktop when I am not using it. very annoying	bug report
With the new update, i can confidently say that this is one of the buggiest, problem ridden apps I've ever used, with a team of people who dont care about user experience nor any semblance of a usable UI. I can't send images, app buggs out and crashes in calls, and they removed the option to revert back to the original ui	bug report
Won't sign into the Android app despite being able to sign in online.  Update 11/19. After update, sign in still does not work on Moto z	bug report
In general for base function it is okay. But the app is slow and do not have split screen mode.	feature request
"Cannot restore backup from newer version of signal" Signal team needs to prioritize this issue. It just caused me to lose a bunch of messages 😞	bug report
Ok not good, won't let you answer incoming calls, screen stays black so you can't even see to answer. Call quality ok.	bug report
Keeping in touch with my son over seas in the military. No complaints does a great job	irrelevant information
I just got a job so I haven't got paid yet and have no money. Sooo that being said, how the heck am I supposed to get my verification codes if I gotta pay just to get them????? Absolutely pointless if I can't help myself out.	irrelevant information
Ruined by removing SMS .	bug report
This app is full of bugs and doesn't work	bug report
I can't get incoming calls says missed call instead of ringing	bug report
Great app, crystal clear audio.	irrelevant information
It's okay, and it is different from the other.	irrelevant information
Glitches and Blocking codes from coming through. Ya'll being extra with this. Some of the ads are causing glitches and delays from getting on or off a phone call. I did the updates and everything. It ain't working!!!!! Ya'll need to fix this.	bug report
Great app for me and my classmates to keep in touch.	irrelevant information
it's not been working the last few days	bug report
I've been using it for years now and it's okay. It has everything needed and more. However, there are minor differences between the platforms. Mobile e.g doesn't support the avatar decoration/profile effect or shows every game I'm playing though the launchers are connected. When I play a specific game on my computer it doesn't show it in my status while playing, though it does with other games from the same launcher or for other users. All things are minor and there's not enough space for all	feature request
App is great but it does not give notifications even when mute is turned off and names do not update so I am unable to mention anyone. I have tried uninstalling and downloading and this does not work.	bug report
Great for texting. Sometimes (80%) in mid-call the person on the other side cannot hear me. If I wait, the problem remains, so I have to hangup and redial. Also, the person on the other end gets an echo of our conversation sometimes (70%).	bug report
New mobile UI is.. Before update I spent half a second to open any chat, DM, or anything Now.. everything is more thah 2 seconds To open smth I need to wait.. and wait... Well someone made code to bring old UI back so Im good for now	bug report
Not so bad works fine my duagher uses it and loves it easy way to communicate	irrelevant information
i really don't like the new interface and it's bugs	feature request
Takes forever to open hear Eco's when making phone calls and static	bug report
Dropped my 5 ⭐ to 2 due to the constant add and game pop ups unnecessary every time I make a call text or check my messages I have to continuely wait for adds before I can make calls or text it's becoming more inconvenient compared to previous years iv have been extremely happy with this app never once have I had any type of issues except the 1 where I was eligible for free SIM card for carrying my number and account continuously over 5y as my second business line my ?'s the constant adds/fees	bug report
Group calls are not good	bug report
Perfect quality of calls,would definitely reccomend to use.	irrelevant information
The app is very good to communicate with friends. One problem I am having, though on mobile, is that when I use group calls, no audio comes out. I used to not have this type of problem it just happened recently.	bug report
I've been a costomer for a couple years and I love it except I would like to see a change. I would like an annual price including everything. I don't have this phone service cause I'm a responsible adult. Work with me, people.	feature request
I am so sorry to say this but my experience with Skype over this last 3 weeks has been awful! I am trying to connect with a friend. My account keeps getting blocked. It is not because of the credit card on my credit card and because they say there's no problem. I have asked repeatedly for help from the virtual help on Skype and I'm getting nowhere. So so far my experience has been just awful. I would love to speak with an agent in person! And by speak I mean voice to voice. Thank you!	bug report
Don't receive messages, when I get messages 8hrs later??.	bug report
probably one of the better texting services. but calling is hard to get time for. 1 minute per 30 second video. guess you can't complain to much, when its free :)	irrelevant information
Nice experience and made new friends that help me play Match Masters in the chat.	irrelevant information
It crashes way too many times.	bug report
One 🕐 day 💖 becomes more reliable	bug report
I love discord, but the icons always disappear and it never is easy to send photos. it always manages to glitch out	bug report
Doesn't support Sms anymore	bug report
Can no longer mute a group. New "emojis" are elementary. Can we have the time stamp back?  New layout isn't bad, but design doesn't help if we lose functionality.	feature request
Terrible glitch. Unlinking linked devices out of nowhere. Hey what is happening with this app??? App was working just fine until this December second week. I use this on my pc, linked to my mobile number and every now and then, it would ask to scan code. What the heck is this? Fix this asap.	bug report
The texting is great but the calling could be better. It echo's really bad and you can't hear the person you call or they can't hear you.	bug report
Thought it was alright	irrelevant information
Works rlly good but constantly logs me out of my account	bug report
Everything that can be wrong with this app is wrong with it. Worst ever. I wouldn't pay for this app, waste of money and time.	irrelevant information
Im am getting no response from the developers over the daily update issue I'm having!! The app is backing up everyday!It is also backing up on my data when we have Loadshedding. At times just hangs while backing up, only finishes when I open the app. Please sort, I've emailed a dozen times requesting assistance. There is no option to set wifi or data backups, no setting for when it should backup I.e daily, weekly, monthly. This is very frustrating.	bug report
Been using the new UI for almost a month and I still can't get used to it. Please change it back 🙏	feature request
I've used this app for years and had little issues. Now the adds automatically download the apps being advertised. Crazy annoying and will be 1 star till it changes. Edit: if I could give them 0 stars I would. Just got banned for violating their terms of service. I have no clue what I did and I've had the same account for nearly 5 years. I even paid for the service at one point. It just locked me out and didn't provide any feedback as to what happened. This company is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!	bug report
I go to text and when I look back to see if a person texted back the message I sent is gone don't like it	bug report
Bug in gif sharing. Whenever I try to share gif by gif search after the search keyword all gif Frozen and If I choes anything(gif) to share on that time automatically went out from chat and ask fingerprint unlock. Please fix it	bug report
Messages don't always show up in real time	bug report
Interesting corporate suicide. Why an app would decide to alienate the entire US customer base so they could better compete with the big baddies on the thing the company cares about, at the cost of an enormous chunk of the userbase. The goal was admirable, the chosen means to achieve this goal were drawn in crayon and smeared with drool. Dumbest thing I have ever seen in this space, which is a mouthful, and the doubling down by the devs is a spectacle to behold.	irrelevant information
this app has no paste option in chat	feature request
Tried to message and told me to log out and log back in to get new number so I did then told me the same thing	bug report
If someone does not reply, it continues to say they left the group	bug report
It doesn't send activation code	bug report
Won't give me minutes even though I've watched 3 videos and done one	bug report
I no longer have group me in my text messages. The app just disappeared from my phone one day.. I have updated the app several times, deleted then added it again. It still doesn't work properly. This is so frustrating as I need this app for communication. Smh	bug report
I am not in use Skyp	irrelevant information
The absolute worst, I understand lag and audio drops but this app will randomly end calls, for no reason. Furthermore this "company" earns money each time you view an ad which is why they give you minutes. However the app will take two minutes per forty seconds at times and take minutes for calls that never connect. The quality of calls is absolutely wretched. With my cell being the only thing connected to the network I regularly have poor quality or no connection. Do not download this app.	bug report
Nice working	irrelevant information
All in all it's a good app. The drawbacks are that tou can't see if people are online, you can't make polls and there is no button for these short round videos(like in Telegram). Everything else has been great so far.	feature request
I downloaded an then turned around an uninstalled , i didnt know my number would change i would like to keep my number so no thanks	irrelevant information
I've always had a good, respectful, and professional experience with Text Now. Read, like, and share. Happy Holidays to you All. God bless you all.	irrelevant information
It's legit. Use all the time. Literally a second personal number. You don't have to worry about your main number being used for things or given to people you'd rather not have your main line involved with. Totally awesome won't find a better one than this. Although it can be choppy in calls, drop calls, hard to connect or send messages sometimes but not enough to not use an you should not use the app for important things. If quality of calls was better it would be 5 not 4 stars.	bug report
Still getting charged from other Company. Sad	irrelevant information
Won't open up it's keep shutting down 👎	bug report
It's a great app and I've been using it for quite a while, but recently I haven't been receiving notifications, no matter how many times I change the settings. This has become an issue since I use the app for important communications within my organization. I have heard similar things from other people. Please fix!	bug report
The new UI update is more confusing and less easy to navigate I wouldnt mind if its optional but it being forced isnt great We got a whole new layout but still cant use profile decorations on mobile when it was possible in the older versions Whats the point of buying nitro then if half the features don't work on mobile	feature request
It's good and all but major problem is that when I made my account it said what till we make you it so I waited and I checked to see if it loaded but no it sent me back to the login page and when I tried to make a new account it said that email is already in use I'm confused I was thinking to my self and thought how was I supposed to delete if I just made it so yeah that what I wanted to say goodbye.	bug report
Good app for texting didnt have very much luck with the app when i tried to call out on it...	bug report
cant send a message, cant view a video normally	bug report
Constantly broken in new ways	bug report
it's not letting me recive any calls and it's doesn't even ring through but could you also make so we don't ever lose or numbers to the app that we have right now for numbers please	bug report
when they asked me how many stars i rate them n how they be doin...i be like.damnnnnnnnnn yall get 4 cuz sometimes my app be acting crazy!!! say werd....	bug report
after the latest update, everything stopped working. it took stupid amounts of time to send even the smallest files, and joining vcs doesn't even work.	bug report
Pretty good. Has limits but there are ways around thr filters.	irrelevant information
The worst app ever!!! I was invited to join a group and just after registering, it banned me saying that I'm violating their policy,how can i be violating a policy if i didn't even start the app? This app is complete garbage i tell you. Don't waste downloading this. It doesn't even deserve the one star rating i gave it. Useless app!	bug report
There is a lot of bugs with this software and some major usability issues. Usability issue: after every other call, a full screen add appears and for 20 seconds I cannot use my phone at ALL. I cannot close the app down or do anything else. Bugs: I often have to exit out of the program a few times to listen to a single voicemail. Secondly, When on another call via my main line, TextNow shuts off my speaker when an incoming call comes in.	bug report
As soon as I get into making a phone call and kicks me out so	bug report
lately when I tap the icon, it just says "app not installed" and doesn't open. EDIT: a reinstall fixed it	bug report
Good,but does get boring real quickly.	irrelevant information
Very hard to get Skype should be able to make it easy	bug report
It's getting worse. Messages don't get delivered to the recipient,it screws up audio messages. It's still better than Messenger but let's not hold ourselves to such a low standard.	bug report
Never let me down, until 2years later. Am on beta to give feedback for updates. Then, by 2023, they decided to give up on SMS, meaning "find another all-encompassing message service" . Thanks guys, fortunately there are several good alternatives. Bye! Can't help feeling it's "spying" on me - why does it continually need to access my Contacts when I am NOT using Phone/Text/Email, etc? REDUCE TO ONE STAR!!	bug report
Good but sometimes a guy eating popcorn screenshot makes u get banned	bug report
I have not written much but I have read posts from many wonderful people and seen some excellent videos and even some funny things. Everyone is so nice and so smart and I just enjoy the conversations.	irrelevant information
This app is horrible. It keeps getting worse and worse. First, every couple days the messages are delayed and then my phone goes off with a multitude of backlogged messages when it catches up. Second, posting is difficult when it fails and you have to try to resend multiple times before it finally goes through. And third, which is also the worst, it drains my battery to the point where I have to charge my phone 3 times a day. I wish I could use a different app but this is what my job uses.	bug report
I do not get notifications when messages come in....everything is turned on and other people have tried to figure it out and cant figure out why I dont get a ping.	bug report
Love the privacy of this app!	irrelevant information
Been using this this app for a long time and now it's unbearable from how slow and laggy it is.	bug report
I do use discord a lot but I have a deleted account that got automatically deleted and was linked with my phone number, and I can't talk on any server that needs that verification, and same with a verified email. I can't do anything now. Thx	bug report
Reliable, secure and lots of great features, no pop-up ads interfering with its use. Clean, safe, reliable. Signal makes all other E2E encrypted (and non encrypted messaging services) inferior. There are more "popular" (well known) similar apps that in my opinion, everyone should migrate from, and TO SIGNAL. Hat goes off to the developers. Thank you. Keep up the great work! Maximum stars and thumbs up!	irrelevant information
Bought sim card. Then paid $9.95 but phone would not call without wifi. Couldnt receive either. Of course no data provider (textnow) either. $15 wasted. They should refund my payment. I'll just use my A32 5G at home or anywhere with wifi available. Going to buy new phone on Feb 1st. Just give my old A32 to my daughter or something. Free textnow gives you a bonus really with unlimited call and text.. Data not that important anyway and 2GB for $10 is kind of high anyways. Thanks, but no thanks.	bug report
WoW , your Ok	irrelevant information
It is a good app but it doesn't always work.	bug report
I have not been able to get a hold of anyone	bug report
Bans accounts for no reason	bug report
I can't join a server attimes When there are no restrictions and link is still valid	bug report
Calls suck	bug report
i am just tryubg this application with my 2nd-line Cell phone application/my main communucation, After The Word End..just incase there are more survivors In the future I suppose when my mom said we'll just wait and we will see, possibilities infinate, Peace, Swallow that if there is the sliver of a piece of the microscopic cellular, "calibrate my Scales" digital scale asstrology sign 'Libra, or Scopion, or Chinese zodiack kodak polar bear SEEMS TO BET goldeN?W.T.F.?They want my opinion?	irrelevant information
Great free cell number	irrelevant information
Recent update made it slower	bug report
Disappointing the AMOLED theme cannot be used in combination with "Automatic (follows system settings)" it's been "experimental and incomplete" for years.	feature request
This is absolutely the worst application to use for a phone app. It never wants to connect. It slows down your entire phone. It intentionally drops your phone calls. Don't ever have an important phone call on this app. I know this for certain because while on a call my signal is at the strongest it can be and after 2 or 3 min on the call it starts beeping saying "poor network connection" won't reconnect to call yet while still in call run speed test with great wifi. Waste of time	bug report
So useful to make long conversation without interruption	irrelevant information
I paid $10 for the subscription and it only lets you change your number once per day. I will be calling my bank and disputing this charge.	bug report
Love the update everything is easier to find and just feels neater	feature request
Extremely pleased with my chime app and hopefully it will help me with my credit report .thank you chime.	irrelevant information
Could it be better if only there's a way to optimize the performance while scrolling with moving emojis from different servers with my entry level phone that lags while doing this but overall, I love it so thanks.	feature request
Does good some times 97%	bug report
Looove playin' this fun game!! It gives me both the challenge that I crave but also allows me to have the mindless play for when I just want something to relax with...	irrelevant information
The recent update is confusing and difficult to navigate. I wish I hadn't updated it. A lot of things like the status of people in the servers is hidden and it took a lot of dinking around to be able to find it. Plus idk if it's just me, but I can't participate in polls for some reason.	feature request
Make calls but cant hear anything texts works fine...5 minutes later tells it can't go through	bug report
It's all right I can change number as many time as u what to	irrelevant information
Overall good. One complaint is video compression when sending. It often ruins the video and distorts the sound. Would love all video files >100mb to go uncompressed. Or have some option to change it.	feature request
The app itself is great, but can we get rid of that story thing?! Who asked for that anyway?	feature request
This app could be better with its options to buy data and what happen to 5$ sim cards	feature request
I don't like the new UI its kinda annoying please bring back the old UI it was better thx	feature request
Good when it works	bug report
A great free app.	irrelevant information
We have another promblem its just one persob that cant text or call me it says not delievered and when they call it goes straight to voicemail they cant recieve my text but i can call them.	bug report
Easy to use. Looks great	irrelevant information
Great for easy communication with staff.	irrelevant information
Too much scamming on this app	irrelevant information
Not much good. Got to personally invite every contact. Very clunky to use. The only good thing about it compared to WhatsApp, is that it doesn't have any channels.	bug report
This app saved me when I was out of touch with family. I had obsolete equipment with no service. I was able to contact my mom and dad and my husband!	irrelevant information
Discord was more useful when it was innovative and didn't mimic/mirror the competition. As it stands right now, they are desperate to monetize and sell the business.	irrelevant information
I'm loving every minute of it	irrelevant information
New update is slow in connecting the app	bug report
New update leaves a lot to be desired. Slow, clunky, and overall unpolished.	bug report
amazing I have been using discord for a bit and it's just a amazing app to talk to your friends and all	irrelevant information
To have your own pin is most important. You don't need fingerprint is already used you need your own that none can use, or you can built an option to register different fingers than ones already on Android screen lock. You guys had it right first now it's going different way... Please provide us with options of our choice how we want to lock the app. Rather than just giving one option using Android screen lock. Cheers	feature request
Nice communication tool	irrelevant information
Not sure it's only me. I noticed since I moved to huawei mate 10, I don't receive any notifications unless I open the app manual. I thought this app will run on the background but it doesn't seems it is. I have make sure the Android OS doesn't kill this app but still it doesn't receive notification that reliable as before. I hope Skype will fix this issue quickly. Thanks.	bug report
dear text free suddenly the app log out and its always happen till 24h ago please fix this bug as soon as you can thx❤🙏	bug report
Signal is removing SMS/MMS support. Switching to Google Messages app because RCS now supports end to end encryption using Signal back end. And they still support SMS/MMS fallback.	irrelevant information
Not getting notifications, OnePlus 8T KB2007 running Android 12, version KB2007_11_C.44, kernel version 4.19.157-perf+. No notifications showing up at any time despite allowing them in settings and allowing background activity/auto launch.	bug report
not compatible with fone system_.	irrelevant information
This messaging app is phasing out sms, which was literally the main reason I was using it. I couldn't care less if it's going out via signal or SMS.	feature request
Wont work. Wont let me send messages, call or anything. Now it wont let me log in. Please fix it asap! This is my only life line now.	bug report
Very good app to conceal your actual number, but ppl can't hear me when they call. So i have to call them back. Great for texting.	feature request
Does everything I need it to do. Works fine.	irrelevant information
It crashes a lot	bug report
Generally very good and clean, only problem I have is after not using it on my S9 for an hour or so, it no longer lets me know about new messages or incoming calls	bug report
This app is the beast so far	irrelevant information
Texting works great but don't bother trying to call anyone, that part doesn't work..	bug report
The only real thing that set signal apart from every other encrypted messaging app is that it supported SMS. This made it incredibly easy to get all of my tech illiterate friends to switch to it as it was just a drop-in for whatever text message app they were using. Now that its going away, it's going to be impossible to get anyone to move away from the boomer Facebook messenger app. Looks like I will be switching away from signal to Telegram soon since it's much more popular globally thanSignal	feature request
It's a good app, especially for communication. Although I've had an issue earlier today where my entire app wouldn't load and said I was on a call I wasn't on which i couldn't turn off whatsoever. Only way I could fix it was to uninstall and reinstall it. Other than that, it's great :D	bug report
Used to be awesome now terrible always ads taking over forcing closed it's terrible just pay for service not worth it!	bug report
I've used signal for a couple of years and never had an issue until recently. The app froze and would not function even after reinstalling. Lost all messages because the backup function would not work due to freezing. I've been forced to return to the factory installed messaging app. Will give it a try another time when the issues are resolved. I've noticed many have experienced similar issues around the same time - last Sept to early Oct.	bug report
Best things since Ice Cream 🍨🍦	irrelevant information
This app was and is very useful for me, because at one point I had let my minutes run out and (text now) allowed me to continue to make and receive calls and texts and for me that's important for me to stay working. It's very important that people download and install the (text now) app while you still have minutes. And with the free sim card I got from t Mobile it works outside of a Wi-Fi connection.	feature request
this is great to have if you dont have enough money to pay your phone bill and you have good people that let you use there wifi	irrelevant information
Tech support is the worst. In addition to no one being able to help me with my problem it took days between responses.	bug report
Half the time I open the app I need to restart it because the bottom half of the layout just goes completely black, or the emoji tab just completely breaks. Also I've been having this aggravating bug where discord keeps telling me I have a dm notification from a specific friend over and over again even though he hasn't said anything (not the discord nitro notification).	bug report
when I'm not recieving notifications!	bug report
Not even worth downloading ! Wants to Pay for minutes or watch ads. Why would you when you have better options and free apps. Don't download is a waste of time . I give it negative 50 out of 5	irrelevant information
Text don't come in	bug report
Enjoy text free easy to use	irrelevant information
It has its moments of delays. voice breakage. and the odd time you can't or they can't hear you but otherwise it's good when you need that quick call out. Message works great	bug report
seems to work well was a little confused at first finding a certain group but worked out!!	irrelevant information
Ok app. Horribly  slow though.  It's not my phone because  I've tested all the other applications and this is the only one that lags.  It takes three minutes to load, another three minutes to get the keyboard to come up. Half the time it crashes ..it's very frustrating.	bug report
Nothing will come to my love	irrelevant information
Wont lst me create a number	bug report
Really nice app, if only it would allow you to receive security verification codes from google, facebook..etc...	feature request
Full of scammers, don't use	irrelevant information
Push notifications stopped working. I have to reinstall everyday to bring them back	bug report
Working in group settings but many members who were sent invites are having a hard time gaining access.	bug report
I LOVE it. You don't have to worry about others interfering in your conversation.	irrelevant information
I like it but I don't like the fact you can't earn minutes for free you have to buy them -.- it has the thing there but it ALWAYS says "no videos available" they should really fix the "free call and text" when its only "free text".... Oh and when you do try the calling it cuts out your voice so the other person can't hear you but you can hear them PLEASE FIX.	bug report
It's hard to figure out	irrelevant information
Currently pretty unusable since the update. Gets stuck when sending pictures and won't fix itself until I restart my phone completely. Often doesn't send messages etc.	bug report
Use it to talk to everyone, but please put back the button to switch the layout. I hate change, and it's actually making me break down since I can't change it back. Please let me change it back. Just make it optional like you had it. Please, there is no way to change it back right now. It makes no sense to take away the button, and I hate it, and don't you dare give me that link of "check out all the new things" I don't care I like the old version and I want it back! (I'll update if it fixed).	feature request
Being able to search chat by message content and by author would be a big	feature request
Honestly waste of time I'll probably never use this again in my life time anyways good for what it's worth	irrelevant information
there's a lot of ads which is really annoying and I have to press twice on the text box to type just little things but over all its helpful	feature request
For some reason very slow	bug report
Discord mobile after every update, the situation becomes worse, now I can't connect to voice with Airbus and the sound is connected from the speaker. The old versions from 1 year ago are much better in everything.	bug report
Good as it ever was ???	irrelevant information
Keeps logging me out this app sucks	bug report
Uploading videos has been a problem for over a month now. I've submitted a ticket and the response I get it: this is a known issue. Please fix this known issue! Also, I don't recieve notifications over half of the time.	bug report
Only critque, I don't mind certain fam members having access to my phone for some stuff, but sometimes a family member will grab my phone as soon as I set it down and looks through messages. Timer in app is fine, but not full proof either. A separate pass code or pin than my phone's pass code would be nice. I would much rather set a separate code to access the app to ensure optimum privacy. I don't want to have to delete msgs all the time either w the timer feature. Food for thought..	feature request
This app is terrible! You cannot have it on your phone and a Galaxy tab S9 Plus at the same time or any Android tablet for that matter.	bug report
Keeps bugging and I can't ever send messages!	bug report
Has only been made better and better with time. It still sometimes gets stuck "checking" for messages on my S23. But I like the privacy it affords me.	irrelevant information
Sometime is very slowly to dial a number.	bug report
Sometimes it just kicks me and doesn't let me log in my account but it's a pretty good app	bug report
It's a great app for group communication, I just wish there was a way for group leaders to make special announcement messages rather than just using normal messages for that purpose. That way you can filter out actual important messages from just casual chatter in a big group chat, and you're not bombarded with notifications that 99% of the time aren't about something you're interested in.	feature request
The new update sucks. I can't use my gallery app to send pictures anymore. Nothing will download, even when I've made sure the app has the necessary permissions. This app was so good before, why are they actively ruining it?	bug report
Each time i get added to a new group it takes a while before i start getting the messages on the actual app..ive even tried uninstalling and reinstalling and logging out etc.	bug report
It's fantastic for group or single communication. The only critiques I have is I don't always receive the notifications but I check the app once a day south normally works out.	irrelevant information
It's okay but need to improve performance because my discord some time can't hear what my friend talk	bug report
continue supporting sms and I will change rating	irrelevant information
Can't use with wifi	bug report
Good in general but... Instead of adding native text formatting the devs just implement stories. Nobody asked for that but ok.	feature request
Wish i had more minutes	irrelevant information
To slow. And most of my calls never come through.	bug report
Wao after trying one,twice,etc., finally got it.	irrelevant information
I cannot sign up. The are you human captcha after every completion it appears again and it's a loop without end.	bug report
App is good but they recently keeps disabling my accounts again and again when only I message others , it's not spamming your team can verify it this is so annoying	bug report
it's a good app to use for my team but it only let's you send 3 second or less videos when doesn't really help when I need to send my homework videos	feature request
Calls sbould be free	bug report
Would be better if it didn't glitch as much. Very often something happens causing the other party to not be able to hear me. I'll have an excellent connection but it'll still happen. They won't be able to hear me but they can hear when I press numbers on the dial pad.	bug report
Horrible used to get free minutes	irrelevant information
Can't login into my account anymore because of an error message.	bug report
Not a big fan of the update. The layout is just confusing and a struggle to navigate.	feature request
Good app just can't see my notifications	bug report
Good to say nice	irrelevant information
Sometimes the call doesn't connect either incoming or outgoing	bug report
It's great it does exactly what it says it'll do and nothing more.	irrelevant information
Makes it easy to communicate to many people instantly. Wish I could delete messages that I post, create hashtags to easily revert to certain topics, and go to a section in a chat that has all the messages I sent and the messages mentioning me	feature request
I can't even login anymore it just logged me out. I had alot of important contacts plus potential job interviews too. I don't have alot of cash to buy phone service just yet and it was the only way I could seek employment. Learned my lesson gonna have to find another way then. My only lifeline and it didnt live up to my expectations as I thought it would :( hopefully it gets fixed. Edit: okay I managed to log back in but that really stressed me out.	bug report
This is a stupid app. I just signed up for the first time, and it gave me an error message saying my "account was disabled" and I "violated the terms of use" when I haven't used the app and didn't pass the sign up process. It's kind of a scam, isn't it? I wouldn't recommend this app to anyone.	bug report
I like the app overall but now for mobile the call hangs up after 3 minutes of nobody being in the call at least for me and I dislike it I want to be able to stay in the call for days even if no one is there however the other updates are alright I haven't seen anything I haven't liked but that so yeah :) (please if you can get rid of that I am on my knees BEGGING)	bug report
My app logged me out and for some reason everytime i try to log back in, it signs me in and back out	bug report
Everything is good 👍	irrelevant information
Good way to interact with your friends and communities, i wish it would keep you in voice chats while on mobile instead of disconnecting you while opening another app	bug report
İt don't work in the poor network condition and also after network back it does not connect automatically	bug report
I cant make a proper call even a have a high internet connection fix this	bug report
Very nice app but not the best	irrelevant information
It's a great app, but I wish it'd notify my better when receiving a text/call.	feature request
I've had no problem with the app up to now so I gave it 5 star 🌟	irrelevant information
Slow flow effect moje bo hoot fasand hain	irrelevant information
I can't open any document in signal (PDF, word, ppt ...etc). I tried all PDF apps still can't open it and I don't know why? 😕 I get Errors every time I try to open Document 🙃 😒	bug report
I am from. Downloaded Signal but I don't get application code to my phone.	bug report
It keeps pushing me back-out an cannot get it to work.	bug report
I really like the app I can talk to my friends and I can screen share but I have one problem in the app and in desktop.when I'm trying to send a file it says uploaded failed try again but when I try again it's not working and I have this problem for a month and I uninstall the app but it didn't work :(	bug report
It's trying to be Whatsapp but can't	feature request
i have problem to download or upload files there	bug report
text now is a life saver you always can count on them and the service is terrific	irrelevant information
Discord TaIlk	irrelevant information
The first 4i	bug report
How disable member in group to change the Dissapearing message setting in group ?, only admin could do the change	feature request
I like Discord. The PC version actually functions, and I don't have many issues with it. However, the mobile app is getting worse and worse. The new UI is a dumpster fire and I hate the way it looks. My muted servers keep unmuting for no reason at all, and the app keeps lagging out and glitching. I had 3 stars at first, but I can't in good conscience give this app more than 2 starts now. Update: giving it 1 star because it started sending media from one chat to another chat. I'm mad	bug report
garbage UI update, the app is destroyed completely and utterly.	feature request
It's very useful for my personal chating ❤️	irrelevant information
It was a very good visit on this app.	irrelevant information
Just stopped working I can receive calls but can't make one and freezing, tried clear cache and data... still the same problem, text works fine	bug report
it works ok. connection is horrible. me and my boyfriend have perfect wifi/data and there's still a problem.	bug report
A very good app with an intention to giveaway BTC and ETH to people in exchange for the points. Five star will be given untill higher points are given per game.	irrelevant information
Can't get verification codes without paying.	bug report
it is fun and you can do a lot on it but a lot of bugs	bug report
I love it but it took for ever to download and I had another Acc before and it was alr I love it and I can talk to ppl online who I know or zepeto or roblox by love ya	irrelevant information
After the new update the bots are lagging very much	bug report
Texting works calling rings know one can hear ejother i know its not just my phone my tablet to	bug report
Cannot register my account on One Plus 8T, every time I input my phone number, this app will automatically kicked me out without any further action	bug report
the only thing I have to say about this app, was that I wish I could get verification codes from YouTube and stuff because my phone isn't payed.	feature request
Can't use the app unless you pay the monthly subscription fee. Thanks for nothing.	bug report
Always poor sound and call quality	bug report
Over all this is an awsome app. But i have one issue, one of my friends when they send me a screen recording when i try to watch it its black.	bug report
I have been trying to cancel this app, but nothing works. It's like chasing my tail and nothing. This app is a curse that I no longer want. It's casting me money just for sport.	bug report
Terrible update ong	bug report
Thanks again team you made a user friendly and idiot proof application 👁️	irrelevant information
Sunshine Rosetes has hacker on account .	bug report
It is alright there are a few bugs	bug report
Ihave been using this for 2 years there is no problem I have faced	irrelevant information
new mobile layout is so bad	feature request
Was working great and all the  sudden, it starts glitching and doesn't send msgs...???	bug report
Cannot make outgoing calls after i paid for the monthly services nobody to talk to fix it its annoying	bug report
Works well for group updates... photos, links, etc.	irrelevant information
There is too much adware and it corrupts the app so many times I have to close out and open just so I can write in the thread. Very annoying.	bug report
Depends on Internet signal it's pretty.	irrelevant information
Uh go hard on me on dicords	irrelevant information
I've used a lot of chat apps. This one has a few extra features, but missing others. It's stable and easy to use, but low on function.	feature request
what's this I hear about single no longer being usable to send msg to none single users. getting all my friends and family to use it is impossible. making single worthless.	feature request
Restore purchase option doesn't work, no contact method in app, if you want to risk flushing money down the toilet, buy anything in-app.	bug report
Phone number doesn't work for gmail reset password. Other then that it good	bug report
Good app but the new UI update is awful. Everythig that used to be one taps or swipe away is now two or three. It sounds minor but it feels so clunky despite looking smooth. It really throws off years of muscle memory for everyone. Stop trying to force this UI.	feature request
Need Online status and last seen status. Do it otherwise it's better to use whatsapp.	feature request
I'm happy with my experience with textnow i just wish sms verification was back	feature request
Interface is not so understanding	bug report
Everything Works Good. But It Still Works On The Device And It Sended Messages. This App Still Shows Notifications,SMS,Photos And Other. It Is Good And Helpful!	irrelevant information
Wouldn't hear me after a little bit of time like as in mins my mic would be force to mute and I am unable to unmute. Creates difficulty when trying to call.	bug report
This app used to be a great default texting app for Android. Removing the ability to use the app for sms makes it no better than GroupMe or discord though. It's just another chat app now. Adding stories kinda shows that the app is going the way of social media, which is not at all what I want out of an app that was supposed to be the best default texting app for Android. Very disappointed in the direction of the app.	feature request
My calls always get dropped. Half the time they cant hear me when I call.	bug report
Skype is cool app! I and my bf like it since it delivers clearer sound and video quality when we do voice/video call. But one thing I find it so puzzling is why I cannot change the ringtone of incoming call on this app? Somehow I feel bothered a bit of Skype ringtone but I can do nothing since it doesn't give me any option to choose.	feature request
I love being able to talk to people but I gave it 3 stars because I only have certain amount at words a day	irrelevant information
Having to open the app twice before anything even BEGINS to retrieve from the server is just plain ridiculous for what was an excellent messaging app. Literally what happened with these recent updates. Stop focusing on monetizing your brand with cutesy borders & colours and start making it functional again.	bug report
My username :(	irrelevant information
This is the best .hands down!	irrelevant information
GroupMe is a very good app and a very much enjoy	irrelevant information
I cannot log in when I tipped my email or my phone number and my password and it say invaild and I have reset and I tried to login and it still says my password and email is invalid I am getting angry now	bug report
I've had a good expirence in the past with this app but when I logged in and tried to send a message it would say number expired, even if I had just changed it!	bug report
A great weekend and I think I can see the	irrelevant information
I would like to delete older messages still! These messages hold a great deal of data in my device..Happy NewYear Same feeling today...	feature request
Loved it till you stopped supporting sms. Removing it now. Please let me know if you ever enable sms in the future.	feature request
Good app calls are pretty clear phone numbers in your area code.	feature request
The swipe to reply update isn't very useful. Maybe make an option to turn it off?	feature request
You have to watch videos to talk to someone, nothing loads ever	bug report
Decent backup phone line. Poor call quality.	bug report
Ugh my contacts dont show up anymore! >=\	bug report
discord was great , before the new update.. the new update is awful on mobile , my friends complain about it and it keeps glitching , crashing , not being able to send pictures, or messages , etc... I want the old discord back..	feature request
Discord's recent UI update is, for lack of a better term, out of touch. Somehow, instead of making it easier to navigate, they made it more difficult and almost unbearable. Not everything needs its own tab to click on and scroll through; swiping from one side to reveal servers/DMs was easy and relatively simple. Also, why group the server members with the search function? These decisions ultimately complicate a chatting app which prides itself on being accessible and easy to use.	feature request
The app won't find many of my contacts.  No reason to have an app that fails to meet it's obligation	bug report
app is terrible.	bug report
Need off line use free	feature request
It keeps freezing	bug report
Love the easy of use	irrelevant information
Apple imma need that info i get dat u care for your users and privacy if the account is in my name I should be able to access the email aka ICloud	feature request
Limited calling but free texting	feature request
Phone closes app after 10 or 15 seconds	bug report
Used to be great. Pointless without SMS.	bug report
Fun times and then I got a new phone and it was behind my mom and she said that I have to do the dishes for the phone 📱	irrelevant information
New ui is very confusing	feature request
Removing SMS support and focusing on cryptocurrency BS is a horrible mistake	feature request
Great for texting only	irrelevant information
I brought minutes, but it doesnt make sense to buy anymore. The calls barely ever go through or drop. The other person can never hear me. Everytime i try to text it looks like it goes through but when i check back a red exclamation mark pops up. If i try texting it freezes and deletes everything i wrote and i have to start over. Not expecting perfection, but would like the app to serve its purpose w/o issues EVERYDAY.	bug report
App does not work well on foldables and constantly needs to be closed and reopened to refresh the view	bug report
Great way to share messages and texts without using SMS.	irrelevant information
I have had this app for a couple years and I love it	irrelevant information
I would rate a zero if I could, I attempted to "verify" my number at least 5 or 6 times with no success. 0-5 stars.	bug report
The new mobile version is very buggy. The UI is far from being user-friendly. But the most painful thing is it cannot even connect when im using wifi. No, there is nothing wrong with my wifi, it works well before the new mobile version. I use Discord mobile app to chat and check if my friends is gaming, now I can't do that anymore because the new mobile version strips that away.	bug report
One's Love Evolving! Thanks	irrelevant information
It's free, easy to use, but some services will not accept this cell phone number for text purposes. Too frequent reminders, only idle for 7 days and threats to rescind my number.	irrelevant information
Nice app put more effort message load slowly	bug report
I don't know what happened but someone at Discord HQ decided to nuke the previously simple user interface. Any other messaging app is gonna be more friendly on the eyes and easier to use than this train wreck.	feature request
Amazing App that is easy to use and never has any problems!! Thank you GroupMe!!	irrelevant information
I can talk to some other people	irrelevant information
Nothing shows up after the update. My groups and messages will not show up. This is completely useless now.	bug report
For quite some time I had no issue it worked great now it won't show me messages it's very frustrating. I've sent support emails twice no response. Very disappointed.	bug report
first app that's good for my tablet and the quality is really good	irrelevant information
It has worked fine ever since I first got it. 👍	irrelevant information
I can not load videos to the group	bug report
You guys are pathetic i bought the number from this app and after One Hour they disabled my account without any reason I've emailed them couple of times they never respond me back yet i will say they are thieves and they'll took your money and after that you will lose your account with no genuine reason	bug report
Would be excellent if u had a feature to delete pics from   gallery n direct msgs	feature request
Perfect 👍	irrelevant information
Great but randomly disconnects when sharing screen on mobile. Also crashes when trying to share a 3 min video.	bug report
Horrible for me, needs direction	irrelevant information
good to have everyone's in put	irrelevant information
I gsve this app a 1.. there is nothing lower. It will not let you do anything like make a profile or go anywhere unless you give this access you give them access to your contacts.. talk about big brother. This site needs alot of work and done right.. i would be happy to help with it but right now Oct. 8, 2022.. dont waste your time try Telegram.. i thought i would give any try.. after saying for the 20th time.. they kicked me out.. SERIOUSLY? ARE YOU THAT HARD UP FOR MY COTACTS?THIS IS A -30	bug report
Wont make calls	bug report
The app in general is great for messaging, calls and communication in general and I also love the inclusion of bots. But the user interface became horrific. Everything is way too big now and all in all it feels way too clunky while using the app	feature request
It had me sign up to other accounts. Google, email, gmail, facebook, was not user friendly. This app has too much of my information	bug report
Latest update is lame. Stories? Is signal facebook now?	feature request
zDoesn't ring it only lets me know when I have a missed call it's very aggravating	bug report
I alsays fight getting my calls n text.	bug report
Its a great app for group chats. My only problem is that a few us will randomly not get notified about chats and then we miss the whole conversation. It could be me one day and another person the next. Also I find that 50/50 my photos won't send.. it just refuses n says fail over n over. Other wise it is a great app and super great to communicate in group chats between iPhone n Android	bug report
Im really NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THE app.. I Honestly ONLY keep using it because My Babes in prison and i dont want to get a new app w a new phone number... so i deal with my calls Alnost Always getting dropped and not receiving most my calls just the notification of yet ANOTHER nissed CALK and a New Voicemail... You Guys Should SERIOUSLY UPDATE THIS APP AND Make it work as well as YOU GUYS ADVERTISE THAT IT DOES.......	bug report
It will end your calls and give you an ad. Every. Time. Edit: all my permissions and such are on the app "text free" works just fine calling and texting. 💁‍♀️	bug report
Love that it's not owned by Meta. Not for profit. I have donated to keep it going, so should you.	irrelevant information
I love this app, but there's some few errors; for example everything I message it immediately makes me scroll up, or whenever I try scrolling up it kicks MT out.	bug report
while the new quality of life (new file size limit, activities available in mobile) updates are good and all, the app itself still suffers in performance and feels sluggish to use.	bug report
It could use some assist on the what to do side of introducing the app.	feature request
Way too many invasive, non closeable ads. Even when you BUY your #	bug report
Great app! Just that...... it crashes whenever i wanna send a file😭😭😭	bug report
New UI blows. Idk what's with social media apps making their UIs worse and LESS excessible in each update but hey, we have a great runner up. No audio input on certian IOS devices and the Android ones will only show streams if they want to btw. Times like these I really wish there was a Discord competitor so that they can get the rug pulled from under them and tighten up.	feature request
I have no words to describe how great this app is😝🤣😋😍🤗😘😎😲🦋	irrelevant information
It's perfect for a second number, or a primary one when your primary number isn't on for whatever reason. Also great for a burner number when it's needed.	feature request
It is very very slow and unreliable	bug report
Buggy and slow. I know this app has great reviews. It's one of the top	bug report
It's great software, but the removal (WHY?) of SMS text message support is a huge step backward for Signal. Now, instead of managing all my messages in one convenient location, I have to juggle two apps - one for the 10% of my contacts who value privacy, and another for the remaining 90% of the world who either don't care, or who use something other than Signal. What a bone-headed move. Cutting off SMS only means that Signal users will fall back to whatever app supports the most contacts.	feature request
suck login operation	bug report
It's grand.... Makes me feel like James Bond. This message will self destruct in 5,4,3	irrelevant information
Its been very easy to use and reconnect to.	irrelevant information
Trash app	irrelevant information
Remove the green stream status bar when watching on a phone.	feature request
I can't get the app to actually notify me when any messages come in.	bug report
Good but messages doesn't always go through	bug report
I got my password wrong one time and immediately it states I tried to sign in too many times	bug report
Excellent and reliable tool for extended teaching via screen sharing, without the annoying time limits in the free version of zoom.	feature request
I could not use this app it would not let me put my area code. But some of my friends have this app and say it is awesome.	bug report
Jus bad connection	bug report
I've had the Text Free app for several years. At first, of course it was just text & it was pretty good for a free app. So, when voice calling became available I got some minutes. Its really very reasonable as far as cost of minutes & free incoming. But, call quality is awful. All of my calls quality have been so bad that we couldn't hear each other at all. Thinking it might be my connection I immediately switched over to another call+text app & had no issues with it & never have. So, I've been using Text+	bug report
It's a Ril good Discord Talk	irrelevant information
Sometimes I'm sitting right here beside the phone and it says misscall however the phone actually NEVER RANG	bug report
It is free. You have to make too many phone per month	irrelevant information
New update that was forced upon me works really awful and is a downgrade. I don't understand why it was needed to touch something that worked perfectly.	bug report
new app is bad. constantly freezing and stuck on screens while switching servers. takes a long time to open, then doesn't open to the correct server, losing notifications. doesn't send messages.	bug report
The UX changes are awful and make the app harder to use. Nothing in an app or site should take more than 3 taps to get anywhere. It kinda just tells me they didn't have any concurrent users testing it (WHICH THEY SHOULD BE- AS THEIR TARGET AUDIENCE) prior to pushing the changes. Yes it might be Prettier and seem better organized than before, but switching between a server and a dm was 1 swipe 1 tap before. Now its at least 5 taps.	feature request
Why signal is not work	bug report
I do believe that PAYING for a VERIFICATION CODE on a "FREE" phone plan is just not right, I think it's just retarded.	irrelevant information
Worked good for lil bit after a while it started to slow down it barely works on my phone now it keeps showing a black screeni hate it now	bug report
This has been and probably stay my favorite 4ever	irrelevant information
keeps freezing have to shut down phone to end call that wont go through	bug report
Better than any other massanger app. The U I is amazing 👏	irrelevant information
The ads re ridiculous!! Try and make a phone call me the ad hangs it up like OMGGG	bug report
This isn't working!! Where's the text message?	bug report
App constantly crashes at startup for a broken useless Microsoft skype animation. I can no longer use Skype on my phone. Other family members with the same phone are having the same issue. Please fix this. It's has been over a month with this issue, latest update has not fixed it.. I have not been able to get any support from Skype through any of their support channels.	bug report
Nice aap for kids	irrelevant information
Love this app but it is draining my battery. Fix this, please!	bug report
The automatic emoji toggle setting is not there for me. I have it off but today it just turned on and the setting isnt there anymore. Idk if with the update only nitro people have that setting or what but its really frustrating. I dont use emojis on a day to day basis i use :) and <3. Please fix this.	bug report
Alright	bug report
"no text channel" errors consistantly reappear regardless of relogging, clearing cache/user data, restarting device, reinstalling. All briefly fixes the issue before it returns. You win discord, i give up and uninstalled for good.	bug report
Oh Great App!	irrelevant information
Mother.h.Mp u.uu.ur .7Rob 6 .fv2 2f.8U . I 8m49 Ingredients.6.8m .May.4bmhpuc.y.4	irrelevant information
Discord is great. This mobile app needs a ton of work.	feature request
I constantly have to close and reopen the app on my Z Fold 4. I don't know what was done in the last update, but it has become nearly unusable. Switch from one server to another? Close and reopen. Switch from a server to a direct message? Close and reopen. Every once in a while it eventually does what I want it to do, but it's quicker to close and reopen the app.	bug report
So bad discord	bug report
It's ok I mean it's great to text but it's so ridiculous the amount of work you have to go through to get minutes I mean come on only getting 1 minute per video and have to download apps after awhile because it won't let you watch more than a sertin amount of videos ......is kinda stupid .	feature request
It's pretty good so far. I have it got an issue with it. I think it's a very good app	feature request
Paid to reserve number and then went to buy minutes and it changed my	bug report
👎👎👎👎very bad	irrelevant information
Annoying pop-ups situationally holding you at ransom every time you open the app. I recommend using the browser version and not this ransomware.	bug report
Phenomenal for texting. I have only done free, on Wi-Fi but I am impressed.	irrelevant information
I cant receive messages i clear tbe cache i clear the data sime messages i still cant receive or dont receuve	bug report
Bruh why can't I log in I created a new a account and then invalid! Why why why!!!!!!!!!!!	bug report
I really really like the fact that conversations are private.	feature request
Messages don't appear for weeks.	bug report
Can't see skype contact phone numbers or edit them if they change.   App would be more useful if I could open app and go select a contact from my phone contact list.  I will not sync my contacts for privacy reasons and because I cannot tell if I'm call their cell phone or their home phone.	feature request
I've been using Discord for years and it has not been the smoothest ride for a while. False reports leading to people instantly getting locked out of their accounts, snails pace support, and many bugs in the application causing it to be infuriating to use. I recommend possibly trying Guilded or something else. Discord is not the worst. But they don't seem to care about problems and focusing on fixing issues, instead they want to add bloat and throw things at nitro. It's about balance.	bug report
I don't like tecting ppl with thus	irrelevant information
Can you please add arabic?	feature request
They only thing wrong with it is the calling is mess up with it	bug report
I can not make whatsapp on given numbers. In old version i made whatsapp on given number. But in new version i can not make.	bug report
Too many ads.	irrelevant information
The new mobile app update is very frustrating and not as easy as the old ui. Role back the old ui, we are used to it. And its way better.	feature request
It has its ups and downs. You can and will hate some updates that are decided upon, but otherwise, the app is fine. My issue currently is that for some reason, Discord is stuck with an auto-rotate despite my phone being portrait locked. This is apparently a bug that Discord just hasn't bothered fixing according to some, which is disappointing. The only way to fix it is to delete and reinstall, which I'm assuming is a bandaid solution and it'll come back later.	bug report
Good, but sometimes it crashes	bug report
The old lay out was better	feature request
Update: Why fix what isn't broken? The new UI is garbage. Where's the friends tab? Why is everything so much harder to navigate? I will NOT be renewing Discord Nitro until this gets fixed.	feature request
It's saying that my email is registered	bug report
Excellent service. No audio problems at all, conversation clear and Uninterrupted. Thank you Skype. Nothing to edit, always top notch. One year later Skype is always The Best TKS♥️ August 2021, Thank You Skype, excellent service once again	irrelevant information
New. To this. App	irrelevant information
Will not let me join servers, scroll properly, etc with current update. It is laggy and practically unusable. Disboard won't allow for joining of servers and its very rickety overall. Update: Runs smoother, but annoyances galore. Like friends in notifs. As well as swipe to the right replies instead of showing the right pannel where all who's online / offline is. It is very annoying and is a hassle to navigate this more than the prior update did. Upsetting really.	feature request
I haven't experienced any problems w/ it.	irrelevant information
It perfect 10	irrelevant information
Latest version constantly has pop-ups for setting up to receive calls and messages. Setup doesn't work, and nags constantly. Most developers usually don't nag because power users do not give every permission, all the time. Still waiting for a response to my email for support.	bug report
The new update was awful. Images don't display properly on mobile, and I can't select an image to send and then type in the same message. I also want a "classic" theme with the old color scheme that I'm used to the new theme is darker and the increased contrast hurts my eyes, and while the black theme is better I still get a small headache from the contrast.	bug report
Does not connect after selecting a number from contacts. Still does not work after granting all permissions and updating to latest version as of 2023-09-30.	bug report
Recently the channels messages don't update when you swap channel..	bug report
It's the best!!!!!!!!! Love it 😍 😍😍😍😍😍😍😀😀😀😀	irrelevant information
Love the app. It just doesn't give me notifications 😀	irrelevant information
Useless without SMS! The likelihood of converting everyone on your contact list is zero. Far better encryption apps out there.	irrelevant information
Updates on Android 6 do not dowload and install takes daya. Ample storage on phone and 100mb wifi. When it used to work it was ok. Deleting old stuff more complex than needed.	bug report
It's pretty good. A lot of notifications, but good. I like the layout and how it works. It's easy to use understand.	irrelevant information
The OG video call app. I've been using for 15 years on Windows and Android. I'll never understand why idiots use unsecured Zoom!	irrelevant information
The most recent update is significantly worse than its old setup. It frequently gets stuck in channels and lags Horribly	bug report
I don't like it bc first you have to buy the minutes and is so stupid that you can't use those minutes if you don't have wifi. So what's the point?	bug report
This app is not detecting my front camera and I have to switch to the rear camera every time I have to get the other person to see my face. Do not know if this is a bug or what, but it'd be great if this were fixed. Otherwise, it's a good app.	bug report
Free calls	irrelevant information
I want to love groupme when it works the way its supposed to it's amazing. However, on my phone which isn't old by any means it takes ages to open and I'm not getting notifications when I should. Not to mention problems with the gallery not updating all the time or set in the wrong orientation. It's just a real bummer.	bug report
Not free and wont refund you	irrelevant information
hello? can u hear me now? You can, Good. =)	irrelevant information
It's Discord. What else whould I say?	irrelevant information
Pretty good quality	irrelevant information
Hey guys you updated discord and make it worse why i cant login huh saying ultra rare things 😒😒why maan i really cant login in discord right now 😡😡😡	bug report
I love discord but I hate the new ui that was forced on us. The old ui was perfectly fine I don't know why it needed to be changed. Very dissapointing	feature request
I can't find my original profile I don't know what happened but I've Uninstaller this app before and my original info was always accessible now it has starting me a whole new account. I've had my groupme account since 2019. I've always been able to retrieve my account now I can't find my church group or conversations no matter what i do it just starts me over like I don't have my account. I'm very upset I missed the Zoom meeting I was supposed to attend this morning the info was on origin profil	bug report
I do not see any reason to require a phone number for that reason I no longer find use for Discord	feature request
It was working fine until just recently	bug report
I like the visual redesign but it's SO BUGGY. I regret paying for discord when the thing is so broken.	bug report
It's interesting	irrelevant information
When I get messages and I click on the message its not there. I can only see my messages but not the person responding. Its already been updated so I don't understand why I get the message notifications but as soon as I click on it to open it the message isn't there	bug report
So far its goin well. Just need to take them annoying Ads..of course pay them n they will go away..	irrelevant information
They really need to work on the incoming calls. I can hear them but they can't hear me it really ridiculous	bug report
I get notifications late, or not at all. Sometimes it's only when I open the app that my messages load. I'm using a 3gb ram phone and a snapdragon processor for goodness sakes! Right now, I'm only able to enjoy Skype on PC. Rectify this and I give it 5 stars	bug report
Worked great until I updated it now when I open the application it just goes to a black screen then kicks me out please fix	bug report
Lately, for some reason, when a new msg pops in a channel, the app scrolls up to the previous few messages and won't scroll down to show the newer messages. Very annoying bug. Fix it please.	bug report
I can't get notifications on wifi at house.	bug report
Don't get notification most of the time	bug report
Great!!!	irrelevant information
From long ago it was .Good.	irrelevant information
Works pretty well for a chat app, however the mobile version of discord has been having issues in past month, including microphone not working on calls (aux, Bluetooth and built-in), calls self-ending, and other smaller things.	bug report
Not bad but not as many users	irrelevant information
Makes communicating with my work peeps so easy!	irrelevant information
I encounter issues getting notifications and sending messages constantly	bug report
Wish they gave out few more mins for ergent s*** but yup....	feature request
I want a app where you can actually just make a pretend chat yourself to make both people talk without another person. ;-;	feature request
This app is more like what's app and it's awesome	feature request
Spent nearly 3 hours trying to send message or make a call and i can not get it to connect to contacts to send 1 message anywhere. I give up, uninstalled.	bug report
I love this free app to talk to new friends without giving out my actual number to strangers	irrelevant information
For 5 minutes i tried to get a number and it kept saying none available	bug report
I hate the facts that i cannot leave certain  groups or delete message.	feature request
I kinda like the new update but it's very laggy :(	bug report
I haven't been using this app for very long so therefore I have not seen or used all the devices.	irrelevant information
I don't know what happened to the app. But it generally won't allow you to earn any minutes to be able to make an actual call. You already have to spend 30 seconds watching ads to get a minute of talk time, and now you always get "no videos available" so you pay or you're screwed	bug report
This app is a good one for me	irrelevant information
This app is such a fake, it is literally saying the app is free until i go in the app and it says i need to pay 10 dollars a month. Bad app👎	bug report
Pet's AP and run away from home depot Sun 😎	irrelevant information
It was good at first but now it keeps lagging and freezing. Hopefully there is an update coming soon to fix the problems.	bug report
Textnow disabled my accounts	bug report
Trouble answering and finding msgs	bug report
YALL NEED TO FIX ALL THE RANDOM NUMBERS THAT TEXT YOU. I GOT SOME RANDOM DUDE NAMED TJ TELLING ME MERRY CHRISTMAS. I ALSO HAVE 10 MILLION OTHER PHONE # TEXTING ME AND CALLING ME!!!!! VERY UNHAPPY WOULD RATE 0 STARS IF I COULD!!!!	bug report
Useless after latest changes. No longer supports sms so it can only be used with other Signal users, so I went from being able to use Signal all the time as my primary messaging app to only being able to use it for like 3 people, so disappointing	bug report
Discord is more fun since the force verification is gone	feature request
I used to like Discord but the new layout is displeasing 😐. Still fine to use, I really like midnight mode!	feature request
I like this you can talk on this app.	irrelevant information
Keep trying to find groups near me and it either gives me the constamt spinning circle or it doesnt find the groups. And ive had the person that started the group next to me when i searched so i feel like i had the correct info. Sorry, needs work.	bug report
Skype call button not responding. I have enough credit for making calls	bug report
They wont let u disble blur option which is very disruptive and annoying as first of all i cant read the text of someone showing me text! Very smart not to make an option to disable it.	bug report
The new ui is so booty discord please for the love of God revert this	feature request
I thought it would be more involved than this. My aunt suggested it for our family and it's just a big ole text message we could've did that and accomplished the same task.	irrelevant information
Hate group text!	irrelevant information
Helpful to save me a lot of money I really like using them mom and dad likes it awesome it was easy for them controller when you get older sometimes I trying trying to use electronic devices can be difficult this number really help I like the app and so did they	irrelevant information
App has been crashing lately. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I have the latest updates. I can't use it properly without having to completely close out and reopen, hoping it will bring open to where I was attempting to navigate	bug report
Forced to use it for Work	irrelevant information
The best way to make friends! No I'm not a bot	irrelevant information
Can't find the verify button	bug report
I have nothing to say other than I love the app	irrelevant information
It's a great group app, but you should be able to use emojis.	feature request
my camera will work sometimes but the moment i exist out to look at an app it will stop working and will turn the camera off every few seconds of it going back on please fix that so i can enjoy this app	bug report
app will block itself functionality to push to update. disgusting behaviour!	bug report
I love Skype (except its business version). It's not perfect, but what is? It's been a part of my life for over 50% of it, it's literally digital furniture.	irrelevant information
It keeps crashing since 2-3 days. I tried clearing cache & data, reinstalled it, & restarted phone.	bug report
Awful! Calls get interrupted after 1 min of talk!	bug report
After last update having trouble sending receiving texts	bug report
Going Good	irrelevant information
Loved it until the last update. A pop up prompts me to give persimmon to write over apps for the chat heads, every single time I send a message. I don't use chat heads nor want to give that permission because it screws with my edge gestures. Cmon guys.. don't let me down..	bug report
Lots of delays and glitches	bug report
Have installed the app since the pandemic. Unable to contact my family and friends. Whenever I try some new format is at work. I DONT understand why. New names get added to my list from whatsapp. But I cannot contact the ones I want.	bug report
Needs better phone number selection. Like why does it even ask for my area code if it's going to give me a completely random one	feature request
Easy to navigate it makes any thing easy	irrelevant information
I love this app but when I exit the app it deletes all my new messages I sent and I don't think that's suppose to happen.	bug report
Functioned great before the newest UI update. Now it's near unusable with the high contrasted "dark theme" that's somehow worse on my eyes than the light theme Access to direct messages and servers has been changed so that I can no longer see specific server notifications while reading DMs while also requiring extra steps to even access either I really wouldn't care if I could just revert to the old layout, but no. They really want the mobile client to be worse to use than the desktop client	feature request
Love Discord, but the new Android update is borked. Please fix it.	bug report
From my experience I DO NOT like it I had down loaded it on my tablet so I could get codes sent to it and it wanting me to pay for it. It use to be so good but I don't like it no more	bug report
The layout change introduced today is clunky and makes the use of the app more difficult. Discord is not listening to it's users and just keeps on trying to force unfavorable changes to users.	feature request
I used to be able to send videos. I mean yeah the options still there. But now no matter HOW short I cut them they just dont send. I used to be able to send them in 5 min segments. Then it was cut to 2Min 30Sec segments. Now it doesn't matter if its just a couple frames I cant send a video period. And before you ask. YES I CHECKED MY INTERNET CONNECTION. I have 4g LTE 3-4 bars CONSTANTLY. Thats very good and solid yet I cant send a 30 second clip over it? neither can my boyfriend on WIFI.	bug report
Its ok but from time to time cuts off calls and you'll have to recall the person you were talking to	bug report
New update sucks so bad and is buggy	bug report
Extremely frustrating; whenever I connect to my wifi the call drops. I read on microsoft forums that skype not working when connected to wifi is a reocurring issue. Disappointed that problem is still not fixed.	bug report
This app is really good at draining your battery if I use for long periods of time I have to keep it plugged in and it still drains.	bug report
Right after creating an account it was disabled for violating terms of use. How could I violate anything within an instant of the account's creation?	bug report
Hello, with your last update there are some issue mainly with the new feature of redirecting sound when a headset being connected and by which if your earphone get disconnected and you are in call it will automatically end the phone call which is really annoying, and for the rotation of screen too there are some issue, kindly revert back the proper settings for a good user experience thank you very much	bug report
5 Stars could have been given because Textnow, for Canadian phone number holders, offer free calls to many countries eg USA, UK, etc. There are good looking numbers and although there's a lot of spam calling called by another VoIP number etc, benefits of having a textnow member outweigh costs. ! One star removed for: they unplugged my number to someone else. ! One star removed for: now their pricing model makes no sense and it does not match their mission statement. It's laughable	irrelevant information
you guys shojld definileyty keep the new update and not being the back one up this one is definitely great very good it performs great and is definitely not slower than the previous one great job dis ord	irrelevant information
Terrible new UI, this update makes discord way harder to use than it needed to be. Absolutely hate it. Makes me not want to use it on mobile anymore even just to respond to my friends.	feature request
Used to be great, used it for all my encrypted and sms communications. With the removal of sms, it lost half of its usefulness. With the inability for it to successfully export my sms messages to be used in a standard sms program, it lost the remainder of its usefulness. Yes, it has an export feature. No, it never manages to get past 5000 messages before crashing.	bug report
I canceled my subscription but they charged me anyway	bug report
This app seems to get worse with every update. My boyfriend got the new layout update and it is absolutely impossible to navigate and is a nightmare to use. This app no longer feels like discord. I'm incredibly disappointed with how hard this app is getting to use. It used to work flawlessly before they started the almost constant updates. I used to love this app but it's so hard to continue loving it when everything is a struggle.	feature request
Great too keep up with our island friends	irrelevant information
Not perfect, but works great for texting over wifi. I wasn't sure about giving my son his own phone and this was a good starting point to see how he would do.	irrelevant information
very nice and good news Helpful 👍	irrelevant information
new update busted file sharing. neither images or videos can send. already made sure the app was up to date, killed the task, reinstalled, etc.	bug report
UI design much improved, almost back to where it was before Microsoft took over. :-) Chat and group chat work well, live the group chats that get synced across devices and participants. Now bring on TEAMS integration.	feature request
This app is horrible. Convenient yes, but the texts are received 30 min after sending and my contacts get them as picture messages!  FIX THIS, PLEASE!	bug report
Wont let ne send lictures or videos its really irritating please fix it if you can	bug report
This app sucks when i open the app it takes so long just to open it and also my mom said she called me and i did not get a call and also when i text the app just freezes and stops and it takes so long to send a dang text so the creators of this app fix this app please	bug report
My expirience was OK	irrelevant information
just 1 think about it's this app messing with you Google account and some how makes it on the 2 step verification code and you end up loosing your Google account?! some one can explain me am wrong with that WHY every time have to put attention on what consequences or experience on knowledge experience both same words different significance controversy some good brings you bad some bad brings you good keep that for real	irrelevant information
Great picture quality Usually reliable	irrelevant information
Refuses to let me cancel my subscription! All I want to do is cancel my subscription but it's not showing up anywhere but is still taking money out of my account!!	bug report
The new update ruined not only how Discord looks but how it functions, too. Absolute disappointment that makes your life harder on mobile.	feature request
Didn't receive the free 10 mins	bug report
It won't stop running in the background at random. I have to go force it to stop otherwise a logo is at the top of my screen.	bug report
Every notification is good going	irrelevant information
What was once a 5 star rating is going to have to be knocked down to 2. Would be 1 if it weren't for the case that this still does give me mobile access to my servers that I mainly use pc for, but the new ui changes are completely unintuitive and it feels like I have to reach across my screen to access functions that I use most when I used to be able to swipe to see who is online.	feature request
Textfree is GARBAGE!! ADS DROP PHONE CALLS!!	bug report
It's buggy with calls and can be pretty aggravating.	bug report
the best hands down	irrelevant information
Very good app, I can chat with my friends!	irrelevant information
Spotty at best. Can't call any phone number that doesn't have the same area code as my TextNow number (LAME). Don't get my messages on time very often (also LAME). Now it's showing chat heads and a notification about recent msgs but when I open the app and refresh the new texts aren't there. SUPER LAME!!! Also numerous other glitchy tendencies. Never thought I'd actually find a messaging app worse than FB Messenger but TextNow has significantly lowered the bar.	bug report
They keep on taking my number away	bug report
Your #shouldn't be used without your permission	irrelevant information
Its okay, works pretty decent. Save your skin and bettern n	irrelevant information
There is no longer a Show Message option for blocked users. Since I mostly use blocking as a distancing mechanism, not erasure, this is a huge degradation.	feature request
Can't get notifications even though it is set up to receive notifications.	bug report
This is not feeling very private - everytime someone gets signal there is a broadcast that you are on the app - people who you night not have talked to in over 10 years but might still be in your phone book... And now with all of the spamming us, and Blocking is difficult - and Why can't we REPORT?	feature request
Iss minee dhaa onlyy onee dhatt aintt worknn.?	bug report
Discord i am a kid so discord login is not good for ma please remove login please	feature request
Pretty good but reporting does nothing	bug report
Been very helpful especially w no income but u should be able to dial 911 for help.....it wouldn't let me....had to hav a friend call for squad on her phone	bug report
Textnow is trash I downloaded it and it won't connect to my emails	bug report
A good app we can talk to anyone!!	irrelevant information
Hate the forced update. The new layout sucks.	feature request
unable to install updates, I can't download them but comes with an error when installing	bug report
It worked very well before the update, now it lags, wont receive messages, always has to be refreshed, and is very frustrating to work with!!! Please come put with a new update to fix this!!! Or go back to the old update!! Fix please and ill rate higher!	bug report
crashes upon opening.	bug report
needs credit to make calls and cannot call certain numbers	bug report
Been Having a bug I can't switch my profile pic and banner, the app is so buggy when in VC. I'm on Already on Mobile so it's laggy, I hope you can fix this because it's like My nitro was wasted since I couldn't customize my Profile and Banner :(	bug report
You cant change your number on your own, and even if you keep begging them to do it, they dont respond	bug report
Makes you pay for viewing verification codes	bug report
WE WANT CLYDE BACK🙄	irrelevant information
Somehow, when I long press a message. Menu not showing, just horizontal line.	bug report
it's great when working correctly and when the device it's used on is working correctly other wise great app	irrelevant information
This makes calls and texts but is still scammy. If you use this app they manipulate the sensors on the top portion of your device while in a call making it impossible to touch certain areas of your screen.	bug report
I really like Skype but I think they should work on making the voice more clear and there needs to be no noise in the background.	feature request
I'm having trouble recieving texts the right way.I can get my calls to ring but I do not get a sound notification for when I am receiving texts even though I have my sound and ringtone up. I made the app my default app but that didn't do anything. I was getting sound about a week ago but not anymore. Please fix the issue.	bug report
Only work when you have Wi-Fi a lot of ads	bug report
Superb app evrything is good .. I am very happy with this app. But aome times it is difficult to re install.	irrelevant information
Bipolar, confused lacking patience and understanding of others inconsiderate, judgemental it's kinda like being institutionalized and some of us have been not All There are 🚫 no Bosses in Oxford house inc. Feelings Are Not 🚫 Fact's Emotional distress and conflicts are normal in life treating people like one person is better than another is not 🚫 acceptable behavior...No one is Perfect 😞	irrelevant information
Was a great app till some fool decided to remove SMS support 🙄	bug report
A terrible update has drastically reduced the app's usability and information availability.	feature request
Glitches man	bug report
Good app and very easy to chat with people like WhatsApp and I really love it but the only thing is hate is keep bringing verification and asking "are you a robot" but it's really good best app call signal	feature request
This app made my phone very laggy, unbearable so that's why 2 stars	bug report
Great way to ruin a near-perfect app. The update is and remains trash, only now we remain stuck with it. Additional features continue backwards progression, like image handling. At this rate, it will probably create an opening for competitors, which will be a shame, as this has been our go-to for mp gaming and more for years. But it is quickly approaching dysfunctional.	feature request
On recent update, huge skype logo appears when viewing picture	bug report
It's a great app One of my favorites but I sign up it worked for about 2 day it kicked me off I tried to log back in but it didn't work😤 I tried everything but it didn't work I tried for 2 week's so if u fixed it I'll give you more Stars oh yeah it said something went wrong try again later so next day I try again it says the same thing 2 week's later I'm writing this PIS FIX IT 😭😭😭	bug report
The recent update has made it way too slow and laggy and it's harder to find specific messages in servers too	bug report
It was something I didn't like at first. But it has so much accessibility and let's chatting be so much more enjoyable among friends.	irrelevant information
Very Convenient to use. Personal Data is kept private.	irrelevant information
Love it. Just as good as WhatsApp. Just missing some features on the desktop app, like support for animated gifs.	feature request
trash new UI, turn back to old UI please	feature request
New Mobile update is terrible, been using discord near daily since release on pc and my default messaging program for almost that entire time... Currently searching for a new one after this update. Make the new terribad calls(I don't need to be 50% of the screen, what vain idiot thought that was a good idea), UI navigation an option I can toggle back to classic and I'll rerate to the 5 stars discord used to be. Update: calls keep crashing and the screen goes black when putting a call on speaker	bug report
Very much for your emotions and uid send me the link of the best for your emotions and uid send me the link of the best for your emotions and uid send me the link of the best for your emotions 🙏 hai na ki hai 🤣 hai na 😀 hi I am requesting you to you to you to you too Bhai hai na 😀 ok thanks a wow that t shirts to try and last name and uid send	irrelevant information
i love it so much and i can see my kids	irrelevant information
Kind of buggy on Android, which is strange because it works great on Linux.	bug report
Just didnt work very well for me	bug report
Works great !!	irrelevant information
The credit international call is not working after the update..it gets stop in between and cannot hear anything..very poor...	bug report
This app is great for communication, but new UI isn't user freindly (for old user). This app should maintain designs for each platform.	feature request
The new UI is harder to navigate and all around bad.	feature request
Great improvements!! Keep it coming!	irrelevant information
I like this app but when your typing a ads come in and one day I want to Prank on my dad when I send the pictures of my friends I try to delete it but when I check on my dad's phone I didn't delete it	bug report
I've been using this app for more than a year or two it was great. But somehow until now with the recent update and so has created a lot of bugs. like I'm not able to receive messages on my phone anymore. But I'm able to send out.	bug report
Though TextNow (TN) does provide much needed free cell phone service, the app and service can be problematic. I can't complete calls to a certain carrier, for example, and before the SIM upgrade, I got very poor service here in the Bronx, NY. BUT, MORE ANNOYING is having to use the TN app to text or call - when no other carrier requires that! Requiring we use the TN app means we can't fully utilize our COSTLY phones' settings, etc. AND ALL my calls show AFTER the caller has hung up...!	bug report
very good connection most of the time and wide reach... but very expensive, thats why i download other free apps like Imo, watsapp etc but skype has better connection than all those, though i use it only when those networks are bad ...because its very expensive to use Skype to mobile or landline. thanks	feature request
In haven't had one yet	irrelevant information
Loving Signal! I can finally send messages with videos and so far no glitches sending photos.	irrelevant information
Me and all my coworkers use this to talk about everything going on at work and if other stores need help everyone can see and talk to each other... actually this app is pretty great for that !!!	irrelevant information
You can't video call someone overseas. But audio seems working fine. Video calls only work when calling locally. But using it to video call someone overseas doesn't work.	bug report
New UI change makes the app basically unusable. Discord is also ignoring all critique about this change.	feature request
Was the best messaging app for Android. I had top tier e2e with my privacy conscious friends and SMS functionality for everyone else. I spent years promoting this app to android users because it could act as the default messaging app. Now just about everyone I've convinced to use the app left once they announced removing SMS functionality. I can't be bothered to use two messaging apps on my phone, so I guess it's back to big brother. Way to ruin a great thing 🤦🏻‍♂️	feature request
When talking to an operator the dial pad doesn't work	bug report
It's slowly going down the same route as Skype	bug report
It won't allow me to join certain servers, and says “user has been banned from this guild” even though my account, and my other accounts have never been banned from those servers.	bug report
Needs way less crashes. It also needs voice & voicemail. Don't let apple beat you out. Step it up.	feature request
Works for me not like whatsup and Facebook video calls	bug report
works about half the time...good for when you have no phone plan but access to wifi	feature request
It don't pop up like I got it installed	bug report
I am on mobile and when you try to move roles around sometimes when you press confirm it will move roles around randomly in a order that is incorrect. For example. Director Assistant Director ----------------- Internal Affairs Sometimes it says Assistant Director Internal Affairs ----------------- Director	bug report
Need phone number	irrelevant information
I think It is nice app but nitro is bad everyone give nitro thanks	feature request
Sent a text message to without me knowing to a person I was texting back to back staying "to stop pinger messages"	bug report
Discord is good app	irrelevant information
Adware it installed ad games on my phone	bug report
Pics take forever to load, everything else is great.	bug report
I really like the app but the recent update regarding sharing the acc to anyone who has your contacts is really awful. It was such a bad decision. Please reconsider the update.	feature request
Very helpful for connecting several people at once. For instance we use the app for our kiddos baseball team.	irrelevant information
Setting up the messenger is very irritating... Keeps on asking for number verification followed by the check up. Amd then says 'too many attempts, please try later'.. Pathetic	bug report
God bless you, today I lost my best friend Groupme. Can you please help me to find my group I can't talk to them please help me I do recommend groupme to everyone.my friends is talking to me but I cant talk back.	irrelevant information
This is the best site for talking to people.	irrelevant information
Have used this app in the past on a different phone and loved it. However, on my new phone the galaxy S3 I can't get it to work at all. Just continuously flashes from the sign in screen to a white screen. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling with the same results. Please fix it.	bug report
I'm new to this app but it works well for me in my limited experience.	irrelevant information
Easy to keep teams communicating and up to date b on quarterly project tasks.	irrelevant information
If it ain't broke, don't fix it. It looks awful & is quite confusing to use now. Yet another example of regressiveness in the name of "progress". Also very hard to delete multiple chats & had a bunch of chats appear that i deleted months ago, & it took a while to delete them. Skype, you had a winning formula in '14. Shoulda debugged instead. Let's go back to that	feature request
It won't let me paste links into the text bar it used to but after the last update won't anymore	bug report
This app was slow and constantly froze on me. Did not like it.	bug report
There is no QR for linking the device	bug report
me send n receive messages from other numbers just not from any other apps.	bug report
love this textnow	irrelevant information
Good experience just wish that when u first get discord it would have a mini tutorial for people who are knew.	feature request
Features are inconsistent between iOS and Android. They clearly prioritize iOS and let the Android version just sit there. Impossible to add new friends to a group from Android. Basic functionality that they can't figure out.	feature request
The app is good, but call either ends unexpectedly or we keep interrupting	bug report
Skype video is killing my phone battery, even when charging. Whatsapp video doesn't have that problem.	bug report
it's nice	irrelevant information
Too many spam texts uninstalled	bug report
My third party keyboard no longer works. I can't hold the microphone icon to do voice to text every time I hit the button it crashes to the keyboard. I use Microsoft swift keyboard. It was much better before Microsoft got a hold of it that made it worse. Is there any updates you can do to fix this issue or is there any way to fix this issue. The only way I've been able to fix it is uninstall Discord and reinstall Discord again for it to happen in just a few days and I have to do it again...	bug report
It never notifies me when I receive a message so I miss out on important conversations with my colleagues.	bug report
Can not make any calls.	bug report
Always accurate	feature request
I used to like this app . But now I can't make calls and my messages aren't sending now. I Uninstalled and reinstalled and still nothing	bug report
Like it better than you tube	irrelevant information
Awful interface this sheet looks like fkn messenger	bug report
Plz easy to create account skyp account like OTP system. Microsoft account system is very complicated.	feature request
Its saying that I have zero network when I'm on my data plan & wifi. This is crazy. This new update sucks.	bug report
It's a little Spamie. Went into my contacts and told me who else in my contacts used the app. Made me feel violated.	bug report
Works ok. Sometimes when receiving a call it doesn't ring. Huawei p10 lite android 8.0.0	bug report
Ok it no longer says you have to have a credit card but now none of the numbers it gives me to use are available 😮‍💨	bug report
I like this app. But needs to send photos better	feature request
Good to texting and calling	irrelevant information
I got a Sim card from TextNow followed the directions was told after it activates itself I can make calls without wifi. Well just to let you know TextNow I can't make calls or texts without wifi	bug report
Have a lot of dropped calls and alot of choppy ones too	bug report
Got banned Plus monthly pay	bug report
Not being negative but I have gotten next to no notifications on this app. Dag-nab-bit	bug report
Missed calls no notifications	bug report
While I understand where the company is coming from, removing the SMS support will not end well. I believe that Signal has overestimated their reach as a lot of people are using Signal for the unified SMS platform and there will be droves of people leaving when the support ends. It will be nigh impossible to convince others to use this app without the built-in SMS support.	feature request
Two-factor authorization that can't be removed or verified through other means.	feature request
Skype app search function used to show the list of common groups for given 2-3 people names, it is not working after the latest update	bug report
i like the privacy	irrelevant information
Was good until they decided to make it signal users only. It was my primary messaging app until then. I can no longer communicate with people who do not have signal, which is necessary. I'm not going to invite my boss to signal and demand her to have it since the app only allows signal to signal users instead of signal to some other sms app. Uninstalling due to this "new feature." Disappointed.	feature request
Just simply put, horrible!	irrelevant information
No notification of message and poor UI	bug report
I don't like this new UI and i don't have the option to turn it off, and my server list doesn't hide anymore pls fix this	bug report
Ok way to communicate with a large group, but doesn't add much beyond using a large text group. Would like to be able to delete messages and discussions rather than simply hiding them. Also, when someone posted a poll to the group, it broke the discussion for me as it kept trying to download the poll over and over again and I couldn't get or delete the message.	feature request
inexcusable. Group names do not change, likes on messages are missing, and	bug report
when you do find it, the camera just decides to stop working. Please give	bug report
Power hungry, forced to uninstall it after each event where we use it.	bug report
Happy that I got on	irrelevant information
it keeoa going to slow and keep freezing in the middle of the conversation	bug report
This app is so useful on the lockdown I am so happy	irrelevant information
It wouldn't let me download it	bug report
Since when did you have to pay for this app?!?! I used to have it for free??!	irrelevant information
It's a good app. Just makes your phone really slow and laggy at times and it sucks that you have to watch videos to get 1-2 minutes at a time instead of it just being unlimited calling minutes since its a free call and text app.	bug report
Awesome app at first... Now they are dropping SMS support for Android	bug report
Great app to many ads	irrelevant information
I have not been successful in calling anyone	bug report
Awesome FREE calling and text app. Always satisfied with the quality, have never experienced any issues with TextNow. Highly recommend, rather than paying a monthly bill or having to bother with purchasing phone cards! Or use as a second phone number for business or pleasure! FULL 5 STARS! Rating for quality, convenience and reliability!	irrelevant information
It used to be great. Prices change. It loses calls	bug report
It's freaking TextNow. The original is still THE BEST. AND IT'S FREE! C'MON, PEEPS! THIS IS THE ONE!!	irrelevant information
Giving a 3 star Can't pin more than 3 messages. Can't schedule messages in the future. And I'm getting ads to invite people to this messy messaging app. I don't mind restarting over, not uploading my past texts but cannot stand... Not having these little features. Please fix and I'll re-review.	feature request
Nice g!	irrelevant information
This app is so slow and laggy even if you have great wifi. Do not waste your time on this app, unless you text slow then it *might* be able to keep up with you.	bug report
only the Text is functional, but you can't make calls or receive incoming calls. Both my cell phone and the app are at the most updated versions.	bug report
my discord always crash	bug report
always lagging, freezing up when I try to use it. rarely updates my messages and recent/missed calls. Nice handy app though.	bug report
The new app UI is abysmal and very unintuitive. Edit: It shouldn't need a guide to navigate. It should be evident from using the app.	feature request
This app moves slow. Most of the time it doesn't show my notifications and it didnt import all my messages when it should have. It takes forever to load . It would be great without all these issues !	bug report
Ant download and use it	irrelevant information
So far.. It is okay, however. I am me, please give me a referral code so i can try it without a card... I am having issues with my bank account.	irrelevant information
This is a nuisance espcially when I want use signal.	irrelevant information
No call history! Laggy, unintuitive UI... Unbelievable that Microsoft has managed to destroy what used to be a fairly useful app... Bye-bye Skype!	bug report
The service has improved. Calls are clear. Texts come through and video call works. Sadly paying for the upgrade is useless if your phone doesn't already have service. I was hoping to use even when I'm away from wifi. But that is not the case. Up side, it IS FREE as long as you have WiFi or data, you will have a way to stay connected.	feature request
It's not the best uta ok	irrelevant information
uh. Aside from allowing u to call n text even if u don't got a phone plan. It seems like it doesn't use new ones. In the sense that ull see people msging "u" thinking u were the same guy as the person who used that phone #... Makes for a good read ha.	irrelevant information
with the last update gif's no longer function and the typing indicator no longer works	bug report
Not suitable when using the app mobile version on floating mode while playing. Long press menu are not working. Hoping you can fix this.	bug report
Works pretty fine I haven't had any seriously troublesome problems only pretty small ones like videos not sending besides that its pretty good.	irrelevant information
It is a very nice app but I think the nitro stickers should be free though	feature request
still waiting for that audio player	irrelevant information
I have kept vibration mode on but still there's no vibration while I receive the message	bug report
Gutted I can no longer use as my message app 😞 Google must be rubbing their hands together with glee 😠	bug report
Its dum don't get it. U need data. I hated it	irrelevant information
I can't delete messages at all!!!!! A lot of times the app will not connect to make a call so I have to end call exit app clear it and try again because the phone icon will disappear. Plz fix issues	bug report
I like skype and I use this to call my friends and stuff but for some reason whenever I'm on a call or an app it kicks me out for some reason	bug report
the last few days the mobile app has been a nightmare. not sure what is going on, but a patch would be nice.	bug report
Discord is amazing for hanging out with friends and also making friends in general! I've seen many people complain about the new update but honestly, I think it's alright and it looks more modern.	irrelevant information
Can't here when calling out	bug report
I used this app when I didn't have a phone, and I came back to use it really quickly. Only to learn, you have to pay just to receive a verification code. Money hungry apps always lose my interest quickly, I will never use this service again. It’s ridiculous to want a subscription for that.	feature request
I'm tired of the "unlimited" data being limited. I'm done paying $5 a day just for it to be reduced dramatically. I'm not paying for data until it's fixed, and it's rather ridiculous.	feature request
Fix the damn app.....it's extremely laggy and it keeps freezing. 0/10	bug report
My number was expired because I haven't used it for 30 days. I'm not sure what's the deal but I'm not happy with this.	irrelevant information
Very easy to use and communicate with my work family and share thoughts and ideas	irrelevant information
people decide which Skype design they want, and keep the mechanism like the	feature request
I just wanna use gifs 😭 can we please fix the bug that shows a still frame instead of the full animated gif?	bug report
Pretty cool. Serves its purpose if you don't count that there are a lot of scam calls, also the sim card (which is free btw so I didn't expect much), sometimes doesn't work off of wifi. Other than that it's a pretty cool app and getting a free phone number is great. 4/5 stars for now.	irrelevant information
getting problem ,always showing an error has occured .	bug report
For some reason my discord on my phone bugged out after I updated it and all of my discord servers have no text channels anymore	bug report
Good chat app innit	irrelevant information
Experience been good so far. I text mostly and I havent had any problem.	irrelevant information
Haven't received any texts in a month. They get mine and they text back but I do not receive them	bug report
It is really inconvenient that you cannot delete your Skype account without deleting your Hotmail account.	feature request
This app makes a horrible screeching noise any time you try to use the calling feature.	bug report
Since new update, not getting notifications. Missed a changed practice time because of it.	bug report
Bought premium payment went through still no premium won't let me get verification codes. Would rate 0 if I could	bug report
Can you please change the mobile format back to what it was before. It worked perfectly fine and it was good. It feels like you fixed a none existent problem with that one.	feature request
Little bit batter now	irrelevant information
no free nitro for me or vansih 😡	irrelevant information
not too good useless	irrelevant information
No longer gives me an option to sign on with my phone number, so I've lost all my groups and contacts.	bug report
Stop making terrible changes to the UI	feature request
So many permissions,but is ok	irrelevant information
Mast app h	irrelevant information
Superb platform.	irrelevant information
Ads. Ads. Ads. Pop ups all day long.	irrelevant information
It cuts in and out	bug report
I don't know what happen it was working fine now it's freezing and not allowing me to respond to post. I've uninstalled it twice...help please	bug report
You are appreciated for an excellent app. Ty	irrelevant information
it was the only app that let me use it as a cell phone even though a SIM card is not in it	feature request
The new update takes too long to load, fix it please	bug report
Is this work in soudi arabia without vpn	irrelevant information
I literally just downloaded Signal to replace Google's Messages app only to find out that they are dropping SMS support. Oh well, at least I'm not an established user...	feature request
Discord worked fine until the last few updates , since then it's started to freeze on a high end phone like s23 ultra	bug report
Very bad this is scam	bug report
Hey i just put my full name and Number why it's not working this Thing needs to be fixed I'm puting it a 1 Star	bug report
Tells me everyone i try to call is disconnected but its not because i can reach the same number on a different phone, app is a lie made to look like a calling app.	bug report
Frustrating to try to upgrade when my current version no longer supported, and I have tried to upgrade for DAYS and now have lost all access to old version. I want to upgrade badly, but you don't let me	bug report
For emergency, on-line Wi-Fi calls	feature request
Can't get past the choosing your number. It asks for my area code I want.... I leave it at the one that there's.... And tap continue..... It looks like it's laoding then nothing. Useless app. Uninstalling.	bug report
Can't download across all playstores	bug report
Updates suck, you changed the emoji reply by bringing up the message and fading out the background. Can you just leave the emoji reply the way it was.	feature request
Ok good to have to call or text on	irrelevant information
Why it not working on wathsapp please help me out i want to use it and verify my wathsapp business	bug report
I do like this app it has a couple of bugs sometimes but other than that it's good	bug report
Numbers do not work for google/tinder or other apps	bug report
I would really love to register/sign up but when ever I try to register when I finish everything and hit create every stupid time it says oops found a ultra rare error if someone could tell me how I fix this that would be great but for now this app deserves a 1 star. Thank you. Ps please fix this because I am trying to chat with my friends.	bug report
No additional features 😒	irrelevant information
I've used the app for a few months now. No issues so far.	irrelevant information
Removing SMS support is a stupid idea, you think I can convince my doctors, dentist, bank etc to use Signal? Very short sighted decision from the devs!	feature request
This used to be good, but then they removed the SMS option for no good reason.	feature request
The new layout is so bad this was my favourite app to chat but the new layout is making me hate it. Just please make an opinion to change back to old layout.	feature request
Good but we can't have codes 😕	irrelevant information
The UI change was not only unnecessary it's worse to use. I've been using discord for years pc and mobile, this is unacceptable and a blatant failure that discord has refused to even acknowledge. If they really care about users feedback then this change will be reversed. But let's be honest they only care about money, so unsubscribe form nitro show them we won't stand for this blatant backhand.	feature request
Haven't been contacted by the Feds for my free speech yet	irrelevant information
MAJOR downgrade. Not only is the new layout ugly, my god is it hard to navigate, clunky, constantly breaks, resends messages a number of times, images don't work half the time, swiping to see the server list.... just everything about the new update is horrible. The app itself is great for communication and games, but now it's a chore. I've gotten used to it, but that doesn't mean it's any less annoying. Praying for the old discord back. 🙏	feature request
The new update is wonderful but something thats been bugging me is the channels and categories I can't seen to figure out how to delete or edit the name and it really annoys me if someone could tell me or do smth about it that would be amazing but overall this update is wonderful!!!	feature request
contact permission required because I without it I wont see who's calling or texting me? really? that's the best excuse you can come up with for selling my information? that response makes no sense. if that's the case you wont be stating its "required". people who arent good with technology will think they have to give permission to use the app. nice wording.	bug report
Dear Text Free, Please stop reassigning phone numbers. It's not fair to the people who actually use the app.	feature request
Good as per requre and safety of data is important.	irrelevant information
Two fOr now	irrelevant information
Still harrassing people	irrelevant information
It works as advertised	irrelevant information
Great app but it gets obsolete most often.	irrelevant information
DO NOT UPDATE!!!!! If you did, uninstall current Discord, go get the downgraded version from Apk Mirror. 203.10 Stable is the version that I have that gives the old layout back. HORRIBLE UPDATE.	feature request
I'm loving this one	irrelevant information
Logs out after creating account	bug report
It was good but now it won't let me login	bug report
Too many ads and can't get verification codes without paying. Edit: the app responded so the ads don't bother me too much it's mostly just the paying required for verification codes for the other apps I understand that the ads are required so they can make some money though.	feature request
My experience is horrible I send a message and it never goes out or takes forever to go out	bug report
It sucks. I dont get the msgs, it freezes my phone, i never get the msgs.. it completely blows.	bug report
Just downloaded the app and it crashed multiple times, it will not allow you to change tabs or select other features.	bug report
All video to very clear Talk to very nice	irrelevant information
works best for me👍	irrelevant information
It's good app but I don't know why they keep suspended my number it that's my only problem	bug report
Seems like it hasn't changed much since i switched to pinger. I see from reviews that pictures still have the link you must go to. Its a nice app. But not doing what you say it should. Now from 5 stars to 2. Please fix and get 5 stars plus recommendation.	bug report
It takes way to much space	irrelevant information
Horrible text messages never update, phone calls just dropped, all in all one of the worst texting apps I've ever used	bug report
Doesn't notify me when I have messages can I go back to the way it was before this update?!?!	bug report
I can't create textfree account,why?	bug report
good app. let's you call and text for free via the internet.	irrelevant information
Man I can't even do the security code thing I swear fix this thing it already is exesting the code is I can't damn use it I'll give it five stars if ONLY YOU GUYS FIX THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	bug report
Add option to delete posts...	feature request
I like this new update!	irrelevant information
Need help. The app simple cannot to the net. Everything else on the mobile connects but this one single app!....! Can you help	bug report
Wonderful, ease of use and great quality video calls	irrelevant information
Pretty good but I want to report the offical blox fruits trading server for being homophobic and racist going as far as to call me the F and N word then ban me for being upset...	irrelevant information
Please, Check app stability and make the polls in the chat (channels)	feature request
This app was great but now is sucks, one group I am in has over 200 people in it however the app is showing 0, I can't direct message anyone nor do I get the notification. I uninstalled, logged out, nothing has worked. I even emailed tech support but they never emailed me back. The desktop version work fine but I just want the app to work again.	bug report
Why is it thay Nigeria number cannot sing up the app ?	bug report
I can't seem to register, after verifying the captcha goes back to asking me to edit my phone number. It's crazy	bug report
The new layout is okay but i want the old one back, we should have an option where we can switch to the old one if we want to. The new layout is Too much.	feature request
Quality ?	feature request
It's Free	irrelevant information
I like the app but now I can't sign in changed the password and I still can sign in on my phone or tablet so something I wrong pls help	bug report
2 stars for this app. mainly for being free.. I used it for about a year with no issue.. and out of nowhere I began to get a thousand or more per week nuisance callers and or scammers and various texts asking for personal info, and nothing can be done but changing #s ? And of course the app support denies selling info right? Who else? And I paid for zero ads and of course I still saw ads? I don't suggest using it for your only means of communication	bug report
New UI update is awful, strictly worse and less intuitive than what was live for years. Please revert	feature request
I'll be honest I use 2 phones with this app and both are annoying. 1, the app doesn't show people's status and it disconnects as soon as I leave the app. 2, I can't even call on. It won't connect no mater what WiFi I'm on. It could just be a bug with the phone so I am letting it go but the other thing is the mere amount of useless updates they add. I miss the old discord. Plus there is a glitch on the first phone where I can't send more than one image.	bug report
App keeps rejecting signups, needs an upgrade.	bug report
Nice app efficient for chatting and other things but the app keeps glitching when I'm using it. It's very frustrating 😣 eg messages sent do not reach the third party on time and it makes my phone problematic. Please look into this.	bug report
It's awesome except that it won't change ringtones and notification tones. It gives me the option but after I select the ringtone it doesn't change. The default is difficult to hear. :(	bug report
It's secure to us	irrelevant information
I've used this app off and on cause that's just what I tend to do. I love this app as much as I hate it. I love that it's free but I wish that SMS was there for no cost. Idk if they have it with money but I'm a minor and sadly don't have money. But besides that I love and live for this app.	feature request
drops calls a lot but it's better than nothing	bug report
the only good thing about signal is that it's secure.. Everything else feels like an old abandoned place..	irrelevant information
slow...not clear voice	bug report
I don't get any kind of notification that I have a text or getting a phone call I have to go into the app click on the person whom I was talking to and hope the text pop's up! I missed a very important phone call from my husband the other day telling me he was in the hospital thank God our neighbors were home to come tell me please fix this and I'll raise it to 5 star's I'm re-installing it again to see if that helps the problem but I doubt it will because I've done that several times to no avail!	bug report
Enjoying the app but annoying problem. After a call or text is sent now, the screen freezes and has to be forced stop to turn the app of properly. Please look into this issue so I can enjoy your app again.	bug report
fix your file message situation i catn edit my messages attached to a file without having a link pop up replacing it and my older files cannot load anymore as well please fix this	bug report
It was hard working but I found the right direction and my whole team of the good alongside the realtor for getting back safe true love is never blind get me my birthday family trust love ones that only paying attention to stick by	irrelevant information
I love this app is very good and strong	irrelevant information
The worst application ever	bug report
Loosing everything when transferring to a new phone is not great. Using the camera within the app is challenging since it most often will only work in the vertical position.👎	feature request
Lately I've been messaging and my chat doesn't update. I have to restart the app for it to update.	bug report
Trying to accept a group invite and I get the error unable to load conversation. Fix this.!!!	bug report
my pics wont upload	bug report
Reliable and reassuring	irrelevant information
It's a good app apart from the new update, the new style is awfully confusing and made me not want to use the app in general.	feature request
Not bad, but missing key features like multi vote for groups, and custom key encryption This is very important to manage group decisions, so not interested until such features exist	feature request
Account keeps on getting blocked. Very difficult to get assistance.	bug report
Does not look private to me if you have to give up your phone number and contact list. Cannot continue using it without phone number.	feature request
Has been choppy lately and drops calls..plus delayed speaking on other end .it used to be perfect..maybe there is a new problem ..	bug report
I think that the phone calls should be free	feature request
When doing the Lil side jobs to get free coins it never work 🤔but the videos are okay	bug report
My issue is that when i make an account then want to log in from another device it won't let me in	bug report
just bad would not recomend	irrelevant information
Stories? Seriously?	irrelevant information
AMOLED option is dead after this latest update! No more AMOLED option? Update: They tried to remind us that the amoled option is experimental but it's ironic how this experimental feature was stable for many years and suddenly, as they're introducing new theme options, it breaks. Huh.	bug report
Greatest messaging app. Would recommend.	irrelevant information
i've been harsh with my last review. the new design is nice. it feels much more like a mobile app than a port of the desktop version. (post the ✨ emoji and tap it then hold it again) i found out how to copy tenor links, so thats a plus. the new design does feel much slower, as it is harder for me to get to folders and such. Edit: had to lower my rating to 3 stars because i cant access servers in folders, but the updated layout feels faster now.	feature request
Since this new redesign, Skype often locks up or takes an entire day to send a pic (even with good internet) which really sucks. It looks better though so fix the connection and locking issue for a 5 star review	bug report
where I am NOT receiving a notification text when someone has texted me I have to click the up to see when I've gotten a text. and not only that once I could see app it takes quite a while to get to the app I would really appreciate it if you guys would fix these bugs.	bug report
When in a rush open the app, then the app forced user to update first. Very annoying.	bug report
Love to talk to my husband	irrelevant information
Would have given 5 star if Bluetooth would work	bug report
This was a great app until the notification text stopped appearing on my phone . I have to check my Gmail to see if a get a text and when I open the app the notification appears. Please fix this!	bug report
Very nice app, connects people. I found a lot of rational, tactically smart and teamworking guys and girls in gaming... Thanks a lot for this app!	irrelevant information
NoThis is good app but after you open it after 1 1/2 months the app logout automatically and if you try to login it tells this email has not signed up before, but I use it's desktop version every day. So this only makes the app worst, the app has this bug from before, I somehow managed to login 2 times but, also when I formated the phone buy this bug continues.If the developers give little focus on this mobile version also, it can beat WhatsApp also but it will need 100s of update for that.thank	bug report
It's NOT FREE AT ALL it's $10 subscription, don't let them fool you. DON'T DOWNLOAD!!	irrelevant information
New UI interface looks and feels horrible. Pictures and embeds do not open properly.	bug report
I have been try to Sign in to this App since almost 2 month now...what is really going in with this app	bug report
Hello, I have a complaint. So basically I dont have a number and so decided to download this app because the app already gave us numbers. I wanted to use the number for my facebook account, I typed down the right numbers and waited for the code, I didnt get any code. I thought maybe it was just taking a long time so I waited around 10 minutes and nothing popped up. So I did it again and as I expected nothing happened, I didnt get the code. Is it just me?	bug report
It use to be a decent service now I'm missing text messages and the phone isn't ringing anymore when calls come through.	bug report
Ok app but need it to be more less expensive for ppl to get and use.	feature request
Horrible Ui. Stop changing things that don't need changing and revert back to the old Ui or at the very least allow us to change back instead of saying screw you and forcing it on us like some soulless corporation in a passive aggressive article.	feature request
Mostly fine, has some issues. I lost access to a whole year of messages when I got a new phone because when I installed the app and loaded in my backup, it turned out that I couldn't see texts to my partner. Our safety numbers didn't match up. And even though she's a tech genius and tried for over an hour, the only thing to fix it was to reinstall and not load my backup.	bug report
This is very bad app screen colour black black I hate this app 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡	bug report
App uses too much data storage	feature request
why my pp hard	irrelevant information
This is a stupid app. It's changed. Now you can't send direct messages anymore. It says the other person has to add you as a contact. So I have to post the link in the group chat first I guess? It didn't used to be this way. Useless now	bug report
Seems good. Video calls are clear.	irrelevant information
I've been using this app for a cpl years now. For some reason, in the past few months, I haven't been able to copy/paste, and I cannot see any videos sent to me - they won't load. Also, some of the pics and gifs won't load. I'd love to give this app 5 stars, but only if that is fixed. Please help😞	bug report
couldn't find selective reply for pics sent in batch	bug report
Well I love it because you can bring phone numbers over to it and talk with who ever you	feature request
don't send me anything until I open the app	bug report
Easier than when I work app which is super glitchy	bug report
I see no use of this app because no-one uses it. 😐	irrelevant information
Updates are illogical making it more worse to use	bug report
GroupMe. It's so infuriating.	irrelevant information
Skype is a good concept, but has been steadily declining for a while now.	irrelevant information
Texting is ok. Calls work at best 50% of the time	bug report
Use it to communicate with a deaf friend and it is almost guaranteed to freeze once or twice during a call. A bit frustrating to deal with.	bug report
should not have to be where i have to contact them if i want to add data onto my plan because they dont have an updated video after they change the design of the app they are still showing how the app used to work if i have to contact you by chat everytime what use is the app im beginning to worry i made the wrong choice other then having contact them we all know how long that can take and if they can get to you in that short amount of time that chat is open	bug report
it's alright sucks u can't make calls	bug report
Love the app, have used it and it's predecessor TextSecure for well over a decade. But I hate that it's no longer going to support sms as well, as having all those messages in one place was convenient and being able to store them in the same encrypted container as Signal messages was a nice bonus. Very frustrated.	feature request
Sucks!!!! Can't dial out to most numbers,  doesn't get text back, most texts I send never get there and it NEVER rings when someone calls.	bug report
Works well keeping our group together and on task.	irrelevant information
While I do love this app and use it all the time, this latest update is a little disappointing. I did really like when the app had the feel of the desktop version. It still works well, some stuff took me a second to find bc it was moved around. My big thing is I have the galaxy z flip 4 and i used to be able to call ppl on discord with the phon half flipped and the app would shrink to the screen, but now it doesn't do that. It just cuts off the screen as if u were only looking at the top half.	feature request
This is another device that I'm unsure how to work it	irrelevant information
Excellent thanks for your time	irrelevant information
Working doing the job I set it up to do	irrelevant information
Extremely hard to get support. Had my number flagged for violation. Submitted a request for review and havent gotten an answer for 4 weeks. I have reached out to the email provided below (3x) and have not received response.	bug report
SMS isn't going to get phased out. People still use Windows compared to Linux distros.	irrelevant information
Was great, then started crashing! It never wants too open. Sucks bad now. Please fixx!	bug report
Constantly messages you and the service is glitchy.	bug report
Do not get rid of sms support. This WILL kill your app.	feature request
Most secure app free	irrelevant information
Don't like being tracked by adverts? This is the best free option.	irrelevant information
Ok learning how to use it for my personal fantasy and keeping it private and drama free	irrelevant information
If I try to open the app by clicking anything other than the shortcut on my home screen, the app just goes black. It also stops responding frequently, pops up full screen ads while I'm trying to text, and drops calls randomly all the time. I never leave my apartment so it's not a service issue.	bug report
It banns me as soon as I make an account for no reason	bug report
New layout is extremely confusing and laggy. While i do like that previewing voice activity let's you scroll now, the DMs are awfully hard to use and wrap your head around. Same goes for servers, why reply is by default on a swipe when before it was to preview member list, I don't get why. Another huge issue is the search function, things like from: and has: are straight up missing now and it only looks for words in active channel. Please do something about this. Using this app daily hurts now.	feature request
Ok so I've done as you said and I restarted my app and reinstalled discord but nothing changed it still says my stuff is invalid and then when I try to change my password it says invalid token so I don't know what to do so I'm gonna have to keep me stars at 2.	bug report
Pls remove clyde bot pls it anooying pls idk my password so pls delete it and remove password bcz idk my password	bug report
I like the app...no issues at this time.	irrelevant information
My work uses this for scheduling. At first it was fine, but now it won't	bug report
Horrible , can't hear other person longer than 30 secs, and I have excellent high speed internet. Have to keep recalling	bug report
Woke up this morning and my txt now app was logged out and I didn't log out...third time it did this	bug report
calls can be choppy regardless if I'm on data on wifi. lately it's been opening speaker phone and won't turn off, can't even switch to bluetooth, and over half my calls I miss because it doesn't ring/alert, I'll just get the "missed call" or "voicemail" alert, that's with troubleshooting. I also opted to get the free sim card over a year ago and never received it or notification if they ran out. overall lackluster app that needs to be greatly improved. App is updated, issue hasn't changed.	bug report
Entire app feels very unintuitive since update. Needs to be reverted, this is so bad.	bug report
Works well. I don't see any issues	irrelevant information
Good quality and no breaking	irrelevant information
But to make it better is that don't put minutes.☺And no internet for this app plz what happens if we we're in trouble and we couldn't call our mom or dad fix fix plz	feature request
I can not verify myself in servers it says my number has been entered on any other account which is not true I'm facing trouble verifying in servers with my number and also not getting a code through sms	bug report
Ok backup. Ads are intrusive and annoying. There are permissions that are completely unnecessary for example, they want to be able to record calls, why? They wont let you receive verification codes. Why? With all ads it shouldn't be a money thing. Edit tanks for that info. The full page ads are still ridiculous though.	feature request
Incredible	irrelevant information
Sometimes can be slow ,but I realized it wasnt the app but my phone being packed with junk apps.	irrelevant information
Super very helpful and super app	irrelevant information
Its a good service. The only problem is with calling. If you need to dial an extension or push extra numbers to get to a certain vm it doesn't allow.	feature request
I am not a fan of the new layout with DMs in a separate section. There's no way to go from a specific DM to a server without backing out of the DM entirely. Which is not helpful when trying to converse about something from a server. It honestly feels like a fix looking for a problem.	feature request
Well it's just freezes too much.	bug report
It's noob new update is galaxy	bug report
Cannot recommend. As a messaging app it's average and does not support SMS messages. So you have to manage all your messages in different apps.	feature request
It's okay to use in emergencies.... My internet speeds are top notch in my area, but this app still seems to struggle. Call quality is decent most of the time as long as your phone isn't receiving anything. If a REAL text comes through in the middle of a call, your connection is TOAST because the advertisements really do their share of interfering as well.	bug report
Completely intolerable amount of spam	irrelevant information
Switching between pages still has an uncomfortable amount of delay.	bug report
No longer free. The features I was using it for are no longer free so uninstalled. Reply to Dev: I was mainly using it to receive verification text messages but no longer lets me get them Edit: paid for said service TextNow rep stated I needed to use for verification in response to my review. Paid multiple weeks and still unable to receive verification text from every website I tried it on, 4+ sites. The number I have also when Googled was previous used to protest against an execution in AL.	bug report
Experience is great It's just one thing that I want Skype to improve in the mobile app When a call disconnects it should jump to the dial pad instead of making us click twice to reach dialpad.It'll save time and efforts of bulk callers Overall nice job🙂	feature request
Forces Close After Like 40 Seconds Everytime..	bug report
It's keeps dropping my calls. My internet and connection work fine but when I make a call it works for a few seconds and then drops the call.	bug report
It is slow some time it says typing and the system take a minute to show what was type	bug report
4.99 a month for being able to use it, and I never used it. Read everything	irrelevant information
Calling with this app is not the best but it's not terrible either. Texting works great	irrelevant information
Go back to the old UI! Literally everyone is letting you know what they want! No one wants this! Literally no one!	feature request
Eh it's ok I guess. Calling worked with decent quality on the 2 calls i made, but the texting is atrocious. Only about half my texts are sent, the other half look as though they have been sent, but the receiver never gets them so I have to constantly resend. Annoying. UPDATE 8/31/18: calling works when it wants to doesn't even ring majority of the time on outgoing calls constantly claims its dialing but never is. claims my connection is weak but i never switched from the same connection i had when the app actually was working. probably will uninstall not even worth the trouble I'm being put through.	bug report
It's awesome 😊. I'm able to keep in touch with ALL my co-workers and managers with one text.	irrelevant information
very happy with it!!	irrelevant information
The Discord app has too many glitches and bugs	bug report
Good and easy to access	irrelevant information
Spotty reception. Keeps freezing.	bug report
Works good wven if u have to connect to school wifi	irrelevant information
Everything is good except when we run out of call minutes like what if the call is very important or an emergency and we can't call but its all good	feature request
It would be phenomenal if you could add an automatic translator 😃	feature request
Can no longer send pics/videos after the newest update. I uninstalled it, restarted my phone, reinstalled it. It worked for like 10 minutes and then I was getting errors again. Uninstalling and reinstalling no longer fixes it. Works fine on the desktop app.	bug report
I don't want to give a star this it always cut call when I share screen it's not share screent bad don't install it	bug report
Like it says Tex free is nice only 👌 one thing I would like to see is to not lag and a little bit faster in notification but otherwise good	feature request
Horrible 'new' UI. Constant notifications of people chatting, it's like they want us to leave. Keep it coming discord no gaming themed chat app has lasted more than a decade. Vent, Team speak, x fire. You keep making changes like this and you will be on the shelf with the rest.	feature request
Best call rate for international landline calls	irrelevant information
Good app. Gets the job done.	irrelevant information
If you don’t use this application within a month you will lose your number and you won’t be able to log in any accounts that uses this number. I ended up with more than seven Facebook accounts which they were all spam account. Every free texting number does the same.	bug report
I really love discord. It's so great! But the latest update is THE WORST. It's so bad. It's not more organized or anything, it's terrible. There was no need for a change. It's just made it harder to find things fast, and it doesn't take you to the latest message anymore. It's terrible. Please change it back, or actually make it better, because this is NOT THAT.	feature request
Great way to contact player	irrelevant information
Thanks for telling me! I got in now:)	irrelevant information
I've been using Skype all the time but starting today every Time I go into a a chat the chat goes up and down soo anoying I cant stand it same if u Wright and receive a message.	bug report
This app is so great I never have trouble with it	irrelevant information
I've been using Skype forever, but for the past year me and my boyfriend have been using to it call and stuff when I don't have cell service. Overall it works great, but it's super sensitive to connectivity and overall I prefer regular calling. It's glitchy and sometimes hard to hear but does what we need it for at least.	irrelevant information
Great 😊	irrelevant information
This was a decent application, right until I kept getting logged out, my profile picture no longer shows and I can't add contacts. In August I did not have these problems, whatever update you guys did you need to fix. Some people really need this application to talk to their friends and family who are in the military. 😤😡	bug report
Very tinny sound	bug report
Husband used app to cheat..	irrelevant information
I'vy# I've used this app for years and it has worked this time for me. My daughter's met many fine lesbian girls with a text now number. x x x x uyy My turn now. Want to?	irrelevant information
Barebones messaging app. Don't see much the point to this over other apps like Telegram or WhatsApp that do it better except maybe for privacy since you don't see people's numbers in groups. Pros: Simple enough to use, not much to figure out. Cons: Link previews take forever to show up, emojis are ugly and limited (just use the standard ones), the "heart" emoji on messages feels a little it off place.	feature request
love them good quality	irrelevant information
it keeps dropping my phone calls.. and i have excellent wifi connection . important calls at that	bug report
Seems like MS just killing this app. File upload works horrible. A lot of phantom conversations in the history.	bug report
Very nice application to use	irrelevant information
Messages won't send at times for long periods of times. Needs more customisation. I can't really text at times because the messages won't send.	bug report
removing core nitro features from nitro classic?? seriously? what's the point in buying nitro classic now, all you get is more files and emojis. Big discord L. I'm sorry, i forgot that it's called nitro basic now 🙄	feature request
If you going to compete against the big boys, have the tools to back it up. Being all mouth with no action, fight, bite or even a pathetic girly slap, will get you nowhere...	irrelevant information
Dropped SMS support. I know they're less secure, but I care more about the convenience of consolidating messages to a single app.	feature request
Lost my old phone number. No way to get my group me back.	bug report
Beast App 😁👍🏼👌🏼	irrelevant information
Someone hacked my friend's account	bug report
It would be great if we could hear audio when screen sharing and if the video chat window can overlay like on PC. More color schemes would be awesome. Other than that, it's a good app.	feature request
the app is great, very helpful. I use it for work and it makes things a lot easier. only issue I've been having is sometimes when I go to make a call the app will completely stop working and won't start working again unless I put my phone on airplane mode and then take it right back off airplane mode.	bug report
You require a new sim card and it is not happening!	irrelevant information
It wont let me give ownership of my server to someone	bug report
Good for texting calls not always clear but not bad, for being free!	irrelevant information
Great way for our team to communicate and stay in touch. Hassle-free.	irrelevant information
Very efficient	irrelevant information
If we sent any video to other person if it is more than 5 mb it doesn't support audio its basic wht is the use of this app just msging ..	bug report
Emojis not working. Still has not been fixed after multiple updates. Please	bug report
They app was great before the recent chances. Now I can't even navigate it without some type of bug or glitch. Messages not opening, pictures not opening all the way in full screen. Please put out some fixes 😅	bug report
i can't do any of the action things to earn money. i receive an ear Everytime i try to click on one to do. also, my calls usually end quickly because after a call of minutes the other person cant hear me but i can hear them or neither of us can hear the other person. Also, i miss calls as well as messages because they dont come through until i go in the app which defeats what the app is supposed to be used for. If you could fix these issues i wouldnt mind rating it higher because it'd be better.	bug report
Great App! I could Call & Text but I can't send or receive pics... Plz Fix Asap!	feature request
This app needs to do a better job of searching for groups to join because everytime I search for something I never get any results. I even tried to search for a group that I am already in, but it said "No Results Found"	bug report
Discord socks	irrelevant information
Discord claims with this redesign to "improve our users’ experience" but it only gets more spread out and requires more clicks than before with no option to revert to the old ui. I have no idea for what user this redesign is an improvement at all.	feature request
the update needs work! I can't see emojis anymore & I don't have any many setting options now. I think I may uninstall the update until this is fixed. & also the home screen is weird now bc of the little side bar tab. I prefer the app before the update..	bug report
Everytime i try to change my profile pic, it crashes. Fix it.	bug report
this used to be a cool app, but each update getting worse, today i tried to add contact but for some reason, cannot do so, ok to update but please retain the old but useful features	bug report
New layout is unintuitive and overcomplicated. This isn't me complaining about my muscle memory and having to adapt - these changes make no sense, make the app annoying and confusing to use and feel like they're forcing features from other messaging apps for the sake of being like them at the expense of the user experience. I have little faith any of this will change; devs are historically unwilling to listen to feedback it's a wonder they even have a feedback feature.	feature request
I use discord daily, and the new update just rearranged things for no good reason and added another click to simple procedures. Discord has been making non-user friendly decisions for the past year or two. If you are considering joining or downloading the app for the first time I would not recommend it.	feature request
It is lacking a way to correct mis-said sent statements. Quirky issues occur with adding new people to list. Difficulty with recovering old accounts or changing passwords.	feature request
Sold out, on to the next. Man this is annoying. I hope someone forked the code.	irrelevant information
just love this app i can call any where in the world with no extra charges and so cheap	irrelevant information
Overall reliable and good with minor issues sometimes, but always seems to improve overtime	irrelevant information
Extreme limitations frozen in time... I have used Signal for a long time and I have never seen meaningful improvements to key limitations. I can't use it to securely message my iPad- and Mac-using kids, because they don't have phone numbers. I can't use it on the go from my WearOS watch, because without an app I can't open existing message threads or initiate an exchange. Being able to reply from a message notification is just not good enough, but Signal developers seem to think it sufficient.	feature request
Works as described.	irrelevant information
This new update has knocked my rating down a lot. The new UI is difficult to get used to, and removing the ability to easily swipe between the servers and individual chats is annoying. That as well as having friends icons at the top of the chat section, makes it even more difficult to see who is online compared to a simple sidebar. Apps changing their UIs to look similar to one another is my biggest pet peeve, because I am not on this app because its similar to others, its the complete opposite!	feature request
useful app to video chat with family overseas	irrelevant information
It is so good that the app is fast, not delay at all. The app can turn itself into the weather app, which is funny but very secure also	irrelevant information
nice app..especially for work	irrelevant information
I can see AND hear my friends and lover	irrelevant information
New update is awful, I don't want Facebook messenger I want discord	feature request
I'll give you 5 stars because I like you. 0 stars because it's called text me now not call me now 😡. And when the power goes out or the Wi-Fi kicks off you don't work anyways.	irrelevant information
I can call when I have no service	feature request
I am using Samsung Galaxy S7 Eadg, previously Skype was good and the best for me always get notification on Main screen but after update it became worst application No notifications showed on my main screen until and unless I should open application I can't see any notification of CHAT on my lock screen MSFT team please work on it and make this application more Lite.	bug report
Don't even waste your time will be in the middle of a phone call the an add pops up and ends the call happens ever single time you on it for 8 9 minutes	bug report
The new update has made everything so much worse, I don't want to leave my previous conversation when swiping, there was no need to change the previous function	feature request
this app is amazing but there's one problem. ive been trying to send photos for at least 2 hours from now and nothing has worked. whenever i try to send a video or photo it says "file cannot send, hold for options." ive reset the app, reinstalled it, restarted my phone, cleared my cache, checked my settings, checked my wifi, checked google and nothing has worked. im started to get really frustrated and other people are going through this too. please fix this.	bug report
I don't like when you call and a add come and end the call.	bug report
Horrible ASF it's constantly asking me to verify my email but when I do it doesn't work and now it won't let back in my account like it's done multiple times before.fix your damn system	bug report
Ruined	bug report
Keeps giving me an error message and closing when I press the call button	bug report
Recently I tried to reinstall the app and I supposedly "didn't" put in my phone number and my account had my old email that I can't access anymore. I really wish there was an option to login with your username like other apps, besides I really had a lot on that account. Edit: thanks for the reply, but I still can't sign in to give my suggestion.	bug report
Most of the time its good, however for it being around as long as it has it should have improved by now. I do still enjoy it. Dome needed improvements woukdnt hurt.	feature request
Not receiving or sending has any one faces this problem	bug report
Its okay but when i go to type it wont let me it takes 5 minutes to load.🙁	bug report
Hello Google and I really like this app it really does the trick and thank you for sharing and may God bless you from Deborah Ward.	irrelevant information
not giving me the messages.	bug report
This app is useful if your phone has been shut off and you have a good WiFi connection  but I have waited over 20 min on a reply message to be delivered to my phone with an excellent wifi signal so yeah it's just ok	bug report
I just updated this app now my emoji icon keep saying loading emoji. I love this app so please fix problem. Thank you	bug report
It's aight. Yes it's free (at first). The plans are cheap. 100 mins for 1.99. I've never been scammed out of my 1.99 neither. As far as how good it works, I use it to call my grandma over optimum wifi and the signal always say excellent. No call drops, etc. I'd say it's legit.	irrelevant information
Its cool sumtyms	irrelevant information
cant hear anything anyones saying when they call or i call ...horrible quility	bug report
Every time I open it, it crashes.	bug report
You like it fast right ?? 8 think we can go harder into it for real my step daughter loves her new CuMputer😆😛😛😝😝	irrelevant information
Been using this app for over 7 years, it's great for gaming with friends and finding new communities. Though the updates are only just bearable throughout the times, having some updates that actually fix or improve issues. But updates that overhaul UI constantly is why I'm giving this a low rating, the newest complete overhaul of mobile UI and menus has made me frustrated and making mistakes. my raring will stay like this until the day the old UI will become atleast an option to select	feature request
It's horrible	irrelevant information
The app is probably incredible but it is not letting me sign in into any of my electronics	bug report
As of recently with these updates to "improve" mobile discord (by that I mean within a year or two), it just feels as if it's been getting worse; the lag, the difficulty sending images, moving channels, deleting messages, etc. At this point I much more prefer to use discord on my laptop than on phone anymore, especially after this odd layout navigation update which in my opinion sucks.	feature request
-2 stars for the irritating never going away notification banners. Otherwise it deserves full rating for the call quality. Skype is the most irritating application I have on my phone. It's a flawed application doing mad things on phone and never really listen to you or understand you at all 🤦🏼‍♂️	bug report
The app is fine but recently after i updated i cant see my conversations now. The messages history is there but in order to chat with someone i have to search for their username in the search box.. Please do something about this.	bug report
Totally loved this app until the new update now i cant even open it!! Will give better rating if fixed! Please fix soon!	bug report
How in the world do you make a call using this app	bug report
This eat asss it don't work	bug report
Never on it to much ... But it came in handy when .. i used it.🙋☺️	irrelevant information
Be aware if you subscribe and put a payment there is no way to unsubscribe	feature request
Hey! You guys need to take advantage of this app ;if you need a communication app this is the one ; I recommend this app with 5 thumbs up, when need a phone number it has it for you and you can buy that number for a little as $699 a month and then number is yours without anything to worry about.	irrelevant information
It could be better but since it runs off of 📶 it will do	feature request
Why did yall push this update? Its incredibly annoying how broken everything is- I cant change chat rooms without needing to close the whole app. If this isnt fixed soon im just going to cancel nitro, cause who the hell would pay for this.	bug report
Since last update, I am not getting any notifications on the phone. I have to now check the app to get the updates	bug report
Good app but text are coming slowly To much bugs	bug report
hate new ui its stupid. i dont want myself as big as person im looking at. when tapping screen to get controls to pop up o have to tap many times now, now the damn ringtone doesnt sound off when video chat is being sent to me. past few months u have made discord worse	bug report
literally made my peepee fall off	irrelevant information
Wow am really impressed with this app	irrelevant information
Awsome Ry	irrelevant information
Cool features	irrelevant information
Discord is a great and flawless application on PC. Unfortunately the mobile app on android runs into constant issues with notifications for messages not popping up, continuous connecting message forcing me to reopen the app, and cutting out my voice when in a voice call. Tried reinstalling the app, restarting my phone, reformatting my phone, and using my older phone instead of my S22+ which doesn't alleviate the issues. These issues been getting worse with every update.	bug report
It is taking forever to turn on	bug report
The app was fine until the update. It's not user friendly. Hate the interface. Prefer the old one. And it pooling persons from God knows where. Have to delete ppl from my Skype. Not user friendly at all	bug report
Every update they make something worse, either from changing to a terrible layout NOBODY wants, or now for some reason refusing to open any links in their respective apps, regardless of settings. It will always open in the browser only.	bug report
Great way to keep our groups connected.	irrelevant information
please add public group search	feature request
Not a bad app	irrelevant information
In group chats, this app receives messages into the wrong group. Not trustworthy.	bug report
Very limited	bug report
pretty bad app... can't use number for much if verification is needed. lots of call issues	bug report
Had to hear	irrelevant information
This page keeps opening randomly when i tap nothing.	bug report
Why make it expensive to share larger files	feature request
GREAT app for keeping up with my Fantasy Football League. Love it!!!	irrelevant information
It's just ok to many glitches in app	bug report
In 2021 I wrote: "Good; would be better with message editing capabilities". I can now edit the message & that's excellent	feature request
Unreal. Why would I spend $9.99 a month for a number when other apps, it cost me $4.99 a year. Way better apps out there then this. Cheaper to. Uninstalling it. 🤣😆	irrelevant information
Good but freezing constantly	bug report
Discord, your mobile app was fine, it was beautiful, we all loved the UI, why repaint the mona lisa?	feature request
Have a couple kids ? keep them happy with there own phone number they can call each other while on your wiifii,you must have wifii or internet connection .	irrelevant information
Cheaters patadide	irrelevant information
Signal is the best chatting app Ever 100% Rating	irrelevant information
Can't login because "This account has violated our terms of use, and the account and number are no longer available." Never got an email or anything saying what happened.	bug report
Dropping calls really bad lately and I really like the app	bug report
Was close to perfect before, new layout is horrible. App glitches now when you try and view an image. No idea where anything is now. The dark mode is horrible...why was this new layout done? I don't understand.	feature request
Keeps hanging!!! And lots of glitches after lots of repon and reinstalling, please don't ask us to reinstall again and try, it's not working. Better fix the issue.	bug report
great app, hopefully an update for nicknames set in private messages can be seen by the other user. (y)	feature request
Old UI was 5*, this one is much worse. I'll probably stick to the desktop app and uninstall the mobile one if they don't provide a way back to the previous interface.	feature request
The app is super slow, it do not matter which phone is in used. The app always ask for "Grant permission" which I do not want it. (and make the loading app slow). Additionally, do not work when I press any number when I am trying to navigate through a call menu	bug report
I bn got this I June wen my phone was stolen only to. Use till July 1 2023 I got my new Samsung phone turned 9n paying 69 month POINT NO NEED FOR THE APP NO AUTO PAY I GAVE PERMISSION AND OLD LG PHONE WITH NO SIM CARD EVEN TURNED OOF GGOKE ACCOUNT ON 5BTO 6 YR OLD DONE WITH NO SERVICE I'M TOBIL ME TO SOI SEE THEY TO MY DONATIONS FOR TO HOME INVASION! 10 60 ON JULY 11TH ! OH MY GOD AND I'M 07 YRS 0LD!!!!!! SHAME ON THEM STILL NO REFUND GOOGLE ALLOWS THIS!	irrelevant information
I can't receive calls, it just goes straight to missed. Even if I'm in the app when I try to receive the call. This is a huge bug and needs to be fixed asap. Other than that, this app is fantastic.	bug report
You can do what ever you would like on this app	irrelevant information
You can send and recurve texts but you can't make calls nor receive calls. I have restarted my phone, updated the app, signed in using a different email AND uninstalled the app and installed it back and it's still doing the same thing.	bug report
I used to love Skype but the app is a mess, all thanks to Microsoft. Just a few issues: I can't change my username, apparently Skype For Business is different, Skype call subscriptions do not always include all landline numbers but may exclude some numbers, and finding friends using their Skype ID does not work well.	bug report
Its a good app besides the constant adds on your screen while your trying to type. It takes FOREVER to actually send anything because of ads always pops up. Calling is no good anymore, sometimes someone will call me and I wont get it. Texts sometimes come in hours late or a day late.	bug report
I enjoy being able to share pictures and videos with my private group	irrelevant information
Hello i just downloaded the app cos i was asked to for an interview. But i can't get past the captcha verification stage. The app is proving so stubborn. Could you help me sort this out? The scheduled time for the interview is long past. Just because i couldn't get a hang of the app.	bug report
I have been using discord for almost a year now but I have a few problems with the mobile version of it, It closes on it's own sometimes while I'm typing and then I always have to re-install the app which is extremely annoying please fix this.	bug report
Was great. Now getting rid of SMS support. I guess it is time to find a new app.	feature request
U guys keep messing up my notifications and i need to keep reinstalling the app fr it. Massive hussle	bug report
I gave permission for it to do everything. Yet, when I get missed calls it won't let me see from who. Nor does it even show up. So when I go to missed calls there is nothing there. It will tell me in my notifications under "Call Management" but when tap on it, it disappears & nothing happens.	bug report
I use this almost exclusively for text and it has worked quite well for me over the past year or so. But even tho i txt almost every day, I'm now getting a NAG to use my number or lose it. Whys that if im using it almost daily? And if its because im not voice calling (who does that anymore), then that needs to be made clear (and perhaps you should change your name from "Text Free" to something else) lol.	feature request
it's not letting me join a group	bug report
I updated today in hopes it will be better i can literal stand in the room with two other people and only one of them gets threw on a phone call both can send and receive text from me but when one calls me they get the this number is not in Service message, repeatedly!!	bug report
I'm not getting any notifications for messages or even for calls. Calls doesn't even get connected. Even of I'm calling someone the call won't get connected for them also. I have the lasted version and have a strong internet connection. Still the app doesn't work. Rest of the apps works very well except signal. Fix it or I'll uninstall it.	bug report
Really good app Cause I get to talk to my friends and meet new people also I get to hang out in my fav streamers servers Really cool app	irrelevant information
I like to utilize this # app @ 1st, for a #, when my service was tapped out, or if I pounce upon a block, I usually going around or straight @ a little bit of likeliness unto an unfinished encounter in which it's fine for closure..	irrelevant information
Awesome app but one problem - in my OnePlus 6t whenever i make a call afterwards my phone faces speaker problem. The sound only comes from ear piece then i have to restart my phone. I don't know if this is app bug or os problem. Please fix this.	bug report
Works for the most part. Gets finicky from time to time.	bug report
So I love this app for what it is but as of right now Im in a server with 50+ server emojis made and only 34 of them work	bug report
Not greatest but definitely better than others I've tried...	irrelevant information
Horrible changes to the UI. The app is also now laggy, and a pain to use.	bug report
This app is great, I can contact my friends when needed but now, For some odd reason the emoji no longer works. i can't see no smile face, no tongue silly face. :P And no hearts for my gf. I don't know. how do i fix it so i can see the emoji again?	bug report
It's a good app but now it won't let me receive and calls or text messages. Please fix this problem as soon as possible.	bug report
Okay the app is great, but I'm having complains.. About changing my pfp... Every time I do it.. Says "cannot find image data".. Despite it being PNG and JPG so can you guys try to fix it??	bug report
It's a ok app I accidentally deleted TikTok and can't sign back in though because I used phone number and can't sign in because I need a verification code I understand I need to lock in my number but I now need to switch it to my new number	bug report
New ui is buggy and makes everything harder. Most people swipe things on their phone so it makes no sense to take away the mobile versions most valuable asset. Reverting to the old one would be better and make the community happy.	feature request
Ah communities. Funny, dumb, mildly infuriating, cringe and many more. I'd say the idea of having thousands talk with eachother through either chatting or voice calls is really good. Just people minding their own business and suddenly get a voice call from their friends is absolutely great. Although scams and hackers are still around, please fix those.	irrelevant information
not receive verification message i try many time but still not reapond	bug report
Most disgusting app ever. Dont know why its taking too long to get started.wastage of time	bug report
It's a good app, has some bugs. Really sucks that they got rid of stickers.	feature request
Sometimes I don't get the texts until the next day very sad	bug report
I've had this app for a year and a half and it is perfect for what it is designed to do. However over the past few days, the app stopped  sending notifications to me. The app is closed and everything and the group is not muted. Please help	bug report
read, see profile of who you were talking with and post pics without any	feature request
Im having problems recieving calls and texts!! This app. Use to my number onr go to but soon im thinking of deleting it	bug report
Basic..calls are a bit delayed and fuzzy but awesome for free	bug report
This new update and look has completey made the app unusable, I have had so many glitches and things not sending. It was really not worth changing because there were no issues with the old version. The one thing I do like is that the computer version has stayed the same	bug report
they keep changing things without asking the community stop adding things devs want, add things the community wants	feature request
Why on earth does the notification box block the navigation ui at the top? Did anyone test this? Why even show a full notification box for an elypsis ?	bug report
So I had already verified my email when I got the app but it's still saying verify ur email pls fix this asap cuz I need art done of my gf and I as a Christmas gift but the person doing it wants nitro gifted to her as payment	bug report
Notifications are not working at all after the update. I have checked the app and my phone, and everything is set right. It's just frustrating cause I use this app more than texting, and I have to check it often due to it not letting me know when someone messages me. Otherwise, I love the new look!	bug report
Devs ruined the UI and need to go back or give us the option to use the old UI. Listen to the people using your app. Why make these silly changes without rolling out a small test and listening to feedback.	feature request
It's a good platform nothing new but it does what you want.	irrelevant information
I don't know what psychopath decided to add "Clips" but * Discord. Get sued. Massive violation of privacy.	bug report
It would be nice if the admin could delete messages that are not appropriate for the group.	feature request
Ummm. I really like the app. It is very usefull but what I do not like about the app is all of the ads and it crashes every once in a while and u should be able to use it without wifi. Duh doy	feature request
This new update has ruined discord, keeps sending messages to the wrong person, and just made the whole lay out much worse.	bug report
The vc is broken whenever I leave discord while in vc and switch to roblox or any other game it just mutes me without telling me it mutes and it doesn't even tell me how I got muted and I don't have push to talk even on.	bug report
dont like that i cant figure out how to delete old messages	feature request
I really like it 😊 it helps me stay connected with clubs from my high school.	irrelevant information
Too small, clunky, slow, lacks intuitive acuity, presumptively obtuse, which is actually huberous. Who thought this platform was ready to launch?	irrelevant information
Receiving messages taks for to long!!!!!.	bug report
I've used this off n on for years, only recently has it become an issue, I have to open the app to see my messages an calls, doesn't do what it's supposed too, I got 9 missed calls had no idea till I open the app, all my notifications are on vol high, nothing till I open to check completely defeats the purpose of what it's meant for FIX IT!!	bug report
Hsve used for making calls to uk but for some reason in the last couple weeks I can not place calls at all I have paid for credit as some numbers I'm calling are premium and still unable to make the call which is really annoying whole reason I downloaded Skype was to avoid the frustration of not making calls	bug report
Great 👍 app! It cured me and my family from AIDS! 👍🏻	irrelevant information
Help! I had to reinstall and now it won't let me log back in.! Google says it's won't authenticate and of it does it says I've ran out of pin attempts.. 😱😱😱😱😱	bug report
Yr limited in how much u can type and u cant attach certain documents. U never encounter this problem in whatsapp	feature request
iight!	irrelevant information
The platform can hold much more participants for groups. Love this feature.	feature request
We want the old ui	feature request
The media is fast and good Well designed	irrelevant information
Unable to register and no numbers available. Tried two days in a row. First day of signup, it showed no numbers available. Tried locally several area codes then started trying different states and nothing. Now it's asking me to verify my email but made multiple attempts via app and web browser but it's not sending verification email.	bug report
Sucks on video call	bug report
The amount of hate I have for the new setup,it makes it so hard to navigate stuff	feature request
Best chating app focus on security and give flexibly upto end I love this because I love it	feature request
Because u have to pay u said Tex Free 😒	irrelevant information
Perfect for scammers!	irrelevant information
Using it for a week now ,the problem is not much people have it .	feature request
Forced to make the switch after using it for years. A real dissapointment	feature request
New update glitchy. Images and videos go off screen	bug report
Verry useable	irrelevant information
The software is nice, but the people suck.	irrelevant information
Really good quality of sound and video.	irrelevant information
It always doesn't always work	bug report
For the love of God, add the ability to disable discord call sounds already. No, I'm not talking about push notifications. I'm talking about how I can hear every mute, join, stream start, stream end, or deafen. You have the ability on your desktop app. Also what's the deal with video calls just freezing every time you hop to a different app/chatting with someone else during the call in discord. Have to shut down the call and rejoin, or commit to never touching my phone when Im voice chatting.	feature request
This app suck made me singup than than log in than says I have no account than says don't singup u already have account so I have account our not yes n not 😂 app weird.	bug report
Make pinger work for the ZTE & I'll give a 5 cus the textfree itself is wack .	feature request
It was very easy to use. The vision was good but the sound wasn't so hot.	irrelevant information
Been using GroupMe for several years. It's reliable and a great way to stay connected, especially with groups. Awesome app!!	irrelevant information
Kills my battery	bug report
Nice app, but missing some features like • Ease to copy OTP directly from pop-up notification, please add this feature (request) Please show us original name and photo of the person who send us SMS, if it's possible. And its emoji to react on messages is just 🤮🤢, sorry if it hurts.	feature request
If I could give a minus 100 I certainly would! This app for Android is awful. SO tired of trying to get it to work right. Too many bugs. Unfortunately the people I need to connect with insist on using it. Ugh! Absolutely HATE it! A year and a half later and this app STILL SUCKS. Trying to update a password took half an hour and SIX attempts.	bug report
Hey developers are u listing there are si many fearures are missing like lock, last seen this is not accpeteble from microsoft.. showing "active" for 3 min. This is a worst feature kindly remove this feature.	feature request
It's great for all the things you don't do	irrelevant information
It won't let me make calls anymore for some reason	bug report
This app is getting on my nerves..Its always so slow and its so freaking annoying to chat	bug report
The new update made the app buggy and slow, many important features are now hidden behind icons and menus. Super un user-friendly.	feature request
The one thing that's  ad aboit it is so huge that it brings this app from a 5 star to a 3 star. Who thought it was a good idea to allow EVERYONE to remove from the chat?  You have people whose hobby literally js to make their way into random chats to "Smoke" them (remove everyone). It's been like this since i first started using this app in 2014. I hate it so much that I left it for kik, but id rather use this. And I know a ton of people who have done the same. So if you don't like 2nd place then fix it.	feature request
The best instant messaging all things considered. It's private, it's functional, it's non-profit and it's proven to be secure.	irrelevant information
tgreat	irrelevant information
I've been having issues receiving notifications on my phone since the big update. Sometimes I will see notifications for a day and the next day I won't receive them anymore. Please fix	bug report
Recent update is cumbersome and clunky. I am unable to view my friends on the server without jumping through hoops.	feature request
Works good and its free	irrelevant information
Not could print app/as paper form no applications applying own account faq, M.socialmsdiapages!?(thanks you)	irrelevant information
Eh. Nothing extraordinary. Better than nothing though.	irrelevant information
It needs unlimited calling though	feature request
Love using it !!!	irrelevant information
If you cannot look at verification codes	bug report
sometimes reliable. sometimes not. usual poor to mid quality video	bug report
Discord has brought me to meet some good friends in each little niche I've joined across the world from the convenience of home. I recommend you give it a try.	irrelevant information
Still the best free phone app in the store!	irrelevant information
Wonderful performance, A great app!	irrelevant information
outgoing calls fail to receive message. ring ring	bug report
Informative	bug report
Pls make it possible to watch videos while we're in call, it was possible before so it would be nice to be capable to do that again 😀	feature request
When makin a call it will ring once and display the message, YOUR CALL COULD NOT GO THROUGH, TRY AGAIN LATER.... I purchased minutes to use this app and now it is not working..... Bullcrap	bug report
everything was fine until the new update got released. The UI is not intuitive - things that were 1 click away before are 3 to 4 clicks to do. It's jarring and inefficient. Poor UX. Its change for the sake of change. The in-call screen and its options is also terrible. Why is everyone floating on a background that is NOT in line with everything else in app? The stream and user volume is a whole treasure hunt to find now. everything is so much slower now too I unsubscribed to nitro due to this.	feature request
Bluetooth stopped working in voice chats. Makes the app pretty much useless and will force my companies to move to Slack.	bug report
camera won't turn on! I'm so disappointed	bug report
need better way to call ppl bsides wifi need better communication can't hear ppl on eàch end slow àf	bug report
Really nice top tier	irrelevant information
Same times it's not visible in screen	bug report
CAN KIDS UNDER THE AGE OF 13 (Im 12) can use this for friendly servers?	irrelevant information
Works great but only have hard time hearing out the phone😂😂	feature request
"UPDATED NEW REVIEW" If you're downloading this app to get some kind of verification code do not they are a greedy f**king company they will block your verification code and make you pay for premium to get verification codes!! You don't believe me? READ THIS BS BELOW 👉 "Upgrade to Receive Verification Short Codes You recently had a two-factor authentication text blocked. We block certain text codes to prevent abuse of our services, but they can be unlocked by upgrading to TextFree Plus"	bug report
Lags a lot, doesn't notify when you receive messages, and always has problems loading new messages	bug report
horrible	irrelevant information
Worst.... Hanging even on Start 😬😬	bug report
the update is not getting download of paytm or Skype or Amazon prime etc..can you please check	bug report
Cant call in or out.	bug report
It's very good and private	irrelevant information
Bugs edit: I did, but it still had many bugs such as channels disappearing and only swiping down would show them, It won't even be full xd	bug report
You limit number of pics to only 1	feature request
Its still not makin me send pictures	bug report
Calling isn't free and there's way too many adds very laggy and doesn't respond often.	bug report
Never works when I need it and continues to charge me for adri when I've asked numerous times to stop	bug report
First off they blocked my account for no reason secondly it want even let me setup things properly	bug report
It would be better if each user could have their own group avatar...	feature request
Sometimes it's decent and at times it's not. But for being free it's a decent app.	irrelevant information
was unmuted. Now new messages aren't even appearing. Fix the bugs. This app	bug report
I feel bad everytime i send video then send messages my message doesn't sent unless the video sent. Not like before i can still text even the video doesn't send yet	bug report
App works, but the ads can be very intrusive, to the point they take over the whole screen while you are typing.	feature request
remove or make it an option to turn off the "compressing files" feature; other than that a good social service	feature request
It's funny I got hacked in the same area that I had this account set up for when I was doing some business for work. Email and associated accounts spammed.	irrelevant information
When I go to a link it always expired and most of the owner of the server would give me the same link that I didn't have access to so if there any creators of discord you better fix it now	bug report
good app to have	irrelevant information
It shouldn't be so difficult. But it is. Especially when it comes to "you might be missing calls" directions to fix that problem. Now your Text Now Free Texts and Calls wants $4.99...hmmm	bug report
Needs more time to develop certain things. Lacking in so many areas.	irrelevant information
I really like this over any other messaging apps because the UI is much better at the time of writing this review and it is also a lot more intuitive to use and change few elements if anyone wants to do that.	feature request
Reminds me of snap chat lol	irrelevant information
Unstable connection!!! As my friends are sharing/streaming video in voice chat I'm getting unstable connection and just seeing their "profile picture" my app is up to date according to Google play store	bug report
New UI sucks. Download an older version.	feature request
to many ads. Its constant and annoying if you touch one. Plus is better I heard but have to have Wi-Fi to make it worth it. could use this instead of a phone bill.	irrelevant information
Hate it can't get my messages you have to pay and I'm trying to get my cash app card	bug report
App constantly goes back to the message list, over and over. Even does it when I'm in the middle of typing out a message. Nook Color with CM7	bug report
These app is best after telegram	irrelevant information
rarely connects	bug report
Asking discord for the 69th Time to give us a delete chat option	feature request
Dropping sms support made it impossible to continue using the app for the few signal contacts I had and I cannot recommend it going forward. It's easier to get people to use an app for security when you don't have to convince people to use 2 apps for messaging.	feature request
Hate this	irrelevant information
the call quality is so trash	bug report
Very laggy voice chat, very laggy UI, just a nightmare. Desktop version seems to be much more stable.	bug report
This is best	irrelevant information
Extremely unreliable, I've had multiple people call me a number of times when my phone was 2 feet away from me, didn't ring once. It works, but do yourself a favor...do not rely on this!	bug report
Latest update seems to have killed me being able to use emojis, gifs and stickers. I can no longer get to my settings and messages won't send. Mobile app doesn't work after the latest update.	bug report
Used to be able to send photos. Newest update broke that. Voice doesn't run in back ground. Used to be what I thought every chat program should be until they started getting hungry with nitro. Now every month we get a new pop up telling us to spend $100 a year to receive features that are free in other programs.	bug report
alot of ads but overall i love it	irrelevant information
Worst-case	bug report
Someone cant even try to sign uo for a new account, i tried putting my log in details to log in and it keeps telling me to srt my date ans time like for real, your apl sucks, fix this issue please it just jeeps loadimg and then stops dkesnt show any number for you to select This app is the worst jbless you guys can do something abkut that quick	bug report
Easy to use.video and audio quality is good and easy to interact with people	irrelevant information
Used to be great a few years ago, now every update breaks half of the features. Accidentally updated it while messing with some settings and now roles don't work, every image sent won't appear unless I restart the app, and it won't let me use half of MY server emotes unless I reinstall the app every time I open it (and several people pointed this out in forums as well). I refuse to believe they test any of the updates before rolling out. If you download it and have no issues, never update it.	bug report
Very bad app; when you move out of home; i.e. transfer from Wi-Fi to data, and when you are driving (so you change towers or networks), the app juts stops working In other words, it does now work at the exact time that you need it to But when you are home and you do not need it, it works just fine	bug report
Why There No Live Sound . Mean I Can Hear My Friends From Discord . But From The Game I Play When Live, There no sound at all .. Please Fix it ASAP....	bug report
This app is really good. The downsides are: 1) Server Raid Report option. Why does it work only for SHRs when they do the raid? 2) Nitro Basic is worthless. Add the ability to use only given themes and no gifs at least guys. $10 for nitro holy.	feature request
Terrible UI now. Wish they listened to the community more.	feature request
causes too many problems	bug report
Privacy. No metadata collection. Free.	irrelevant information
Too many useless new features and many more bugs	feature request
My avatar pic uploads sideways no matter what...its pretty annoying.	bug report
Never can connect	bug report
The worst texting app in my life. I pressed a new phone number and it won't let me. This is the worst app whoever made it	bug report
Very bad app 🥴🥴🥴	irrelevant information
This app could be so much better if it we're user friendly. Only basic thing you can do is view what your team has posted,   send individual/group message.	feature request
Does what it says on the tin. Edit* - was a great app, removal of sms and added social bloatware have killed it. Uninstalled.	feature request
Showing ad popups for bing.	bug report
This app is so bad I would not recommend to spend your money on it it will just take it	irrelevant information
New UI is un-intuitive, often adding steps to basic functions making it take longer to do anything. Terrible. Edit: the developers response to my review is not helpful.	bug report
the new UI is horrible and pathetic. everyone liked discord because of its unique interface and because it was different than other social media apps. now it feels like discord has just copied other apps and have lost their originality and creativity. i uninstalled the app because of how bad it was, please give us the old UI back.	feature request
Everything is broken. I have to mute and unmute my mic every time I call someone. Often, no matter where I tap or swipe can I even access said mic button. Random buttons stop responding to taps. I Frequently have to restart the app in order for the "voice" button to respond. Things freeze all the time. Desktop version is 5 stars, awesome experience. Only downside is the app is your typical silicon Valley business. Held up by investors and created by someone with a bad privacy record.	bug report
Not a bad app but it needs to offer free outbound calls to be competitive with the other options	feature request
Love 💕 it	irrelevant information
Texting is cool. Almost never can make a call whether on wifi or not. I've paid got minutes and can't use them.	bug report
Costs $10 a month for no ads and $2 a month for limited ads. Not free at all.	irrelevant information
Has grown to be great way to keep in touch	irrelevant information
The new update is nice looking and all but it's kinda buggy. I have to close the app every time cause it glitches out. It's really getting annoying.	bug report
The app was really good but the new update ruined it if you guys see the please make it so we can use the old UI instead of the new one	feature request
I'll never get the time back it took to download and set up!!!! I know this app Sucks..	bug report
To Me; it's a little too confusing how to chat..	irrelevant information
Skype does not send anything unless WiFi is on	bug report
More testing needed . But not the worst considering the price. Also did have some complaints from other end when making outbound calls ,about echoing . Thanks TextNow	irrelevant information
Video quality is good. But there should be an option for individual Zoom-in preference. I mean suppose in a video conference there are 5 participants. But there is a single speaker/performer in the entire conf. The others are all audience. In that case, I as a audience want to see only that speaker (or that preferred contact) in full view of my screen. The scrn view of th other participants are irrelevant to me & is enough to see them in small icons in any corner of my screen. Hw can I do this?	feature request
Same as the other I guess	irrelevant information
Lose numbers when changing phones. Not good. Don't transfer across to new phone.	bug report
Used	bug report
Excellent quality of pictures and videos.	irrelevant information
Useful one	bug report
Best app for using call	irrelevant information
will not let me log in or sign up. please fix	bug report
I CANT EVEN KEEP IT OPEN LONG ENOUGH TO TEXT ANYONE. I UPDATED YOUR APP AND IT JUST CLOSES WHEN I TRY TO USE IT. I HOPE SOMEONE AT PINGER READS THIS.	bug report
been a user for a couple years now. but this last update is bad enough that i have to kick down my review. it FEELS bad and generates a bunch of lag. did it not go through quality checking before being released en mass?	bug report
Helps me talk to people all over the globe, Thankyou.	irrelevant information
I love this app. I use it for so much.	irrelevant information
As an android user I was somehow only seeing a portion of group texts where all other members were iphone users. Through the years we have tried everything to fix this with no resolution. Now that we have moved our communication over to GroupMe I am finally in the loop again.	feature request
This is the best app also but they should try and add beauty face and also stop from screenshot and recording of people	feature request
When u uninstall the app and then reinstall it, you see u have a reply to your messages but it doesnt show the reply unlike on other apps similar to this on.	bug report
Network unavailable Alot and I hate how your conversations just delete after 2 days	bug report
messeges and notifications take to long.. days sometimes. calls sometimes never get through	bug report
Skype screen disappears when on hold.	bug report
Its awesome! though for some reason when i vc in my mobile phone it doesn't work? I don't know why i can't really vc in my phone anymore like back then so i have to go on my laptop to vc	bug report
